
I cleaned this up for internet posting.

Homer

From ACW:

This is a bulletin I wrote that covers the dwindling spiral of a
Being as it descends from its DESIRES or WANTS.

There are basically 29 steps downward.

By knowing the steps and what the pc brings to view that needs
handling, it makes it easy to use the correct tools to restore the
Beings power back to itself.

The Being is always trying to avoid or negate the step above
where they are running.  The reason for this is the Being escaped from
that level, by making less of itself.

This bulletin is written for new publics.

---

We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.

We are Spiritual Beings having a human experience.

Teilhard de Chardin

The Exact Spiritual Pathway from Disintegration, Poverty and
Sadness to Wholeness, Prosperity and Happiness and the Destructive
Barrier and Consequences of An Episode of Abuse

As you travel along life's pathways, you can either travel it in
disintegration, poverty and sadness or you can travel it in wholeness,
prosperity and happiness.

To travel it in wholeness, prosperity and happiness requires a
great deal of work and dedication, plus the ability to fully handle
Episodes of Abuse.

Abuse Episodes are in themselves very destructive events.

The ABUSER'S intentions are: To disintegrate, to destructively
control, to take over and dominate, to subjugate, to make wrong, to
destroy, to prevent the working of, to upset, and to stop, in order to
dismantle the spiritual, mental or physical operating machinery and
psychic power and communication lines of you, the being.

The ABUSER implements this by: Negatively processing you by
creating and utilizing an Abuse Episode to introduce and force into
your time and space something you do not WANT An Alien Unwanted Want
or Object.

The end product of the ABUSE is: The disempowerment and
disintegration of your spiritual machinery, your mind and mental
machinery and the physical machinery of your body, causing you to lose
your spiritual, mental and physical universe psychic communication
lines, collapsing you into failure, poverty and deep sadness or
unreality of you the spirit, your mind, your body and your psychic
communication lines.

## THE ABUSE EPISODE

When an Abuse Episode takes place any number of life or case
damaging phenomena can occur.

Therefore it is vital that the processor is well aware of what
processing action to do and when to do that action.

It is not enough just to handle the Abuse Episode you must also
restore all 29 levels of operation, all the way back to a fully
recovered Own Universe Ascension State.

## AS THE BEING TRANSENDS EACH STEP UPWARD, THERE IS A FURTHER REGAINING AND ENHANCEMENT OF THE BEING'S POWER, STRENGTH, CLEVERNESS, SKILL AND ABILITY.

THE 29 VITAL UPWARD STEPS OF TIME AND LIFE SEQUENCES LEADING THROUGH THE HANDLING OF THE ABUSE EPISODE PHENOMENA AND ABOVE

The most extreme level is denial, doesn't know they do not know,
they are so overwhelmed and in such pain that they cannot even face up
to the fact something is very wrong in an area.

The most common way a being handles denial is to engage in the
tacit sabotage action of burying themselves amongst those who are
playing the same game of being into the same denials.  Birds of a
feather flocking together phenomena.

For a client to want to get something handled, they must have
something they know they really want to get handled.

Therefore the first step is profiling the client.  This will
bring to view the following:

1.  AN EXTREME BAD CONDITION OR LOW LEVEL OF EXISTENCE.

This is a low Red Zone level of existence.  It includes poverty,
bankruptcy, depression, personal dishonesty, no self worth, low self
esteem, broken-hearts, immobility, terror, failure, etc., etc.

Behind this sits the following:

2.  AN AREA OF BLACKNESS.  (Red Zone, level of existence
Absence.)

Contains heavy areas of fear of pain, abuse, dishonesty, false
answers and terror of being wrong or being made wrong.

3.  AN AREA OF STUPIDITY.  (Red Zone, level of existence Chaos.)
Contains heavy areas of abusive false and wrong answers that are
locked in painful abusive episodes of teaching, training or
educational life incidents.  These false or wrong answers have been
forced to be believed due to the threat of punishment or abuse if you
do not know what you are studying by Abusive authorities, teachers or
parents.

4.  AN AREA OF CONFUSION.  (Red Zone, level of existence Chaos.)

Contains recognition of abusive dishonesties of self and others,
plus recognition of areas of having engaged in producing abusive
wrongnesses, falseness and betrayals of trust, without knowing how to
correct and atone for the abusiveness and the damage created by that
abuse.

5.  STUCK IN A SHOCK.  (Red Zone, level of existence Absence.)

Areas of shock and the technology of handling, are covered in
earlier bulletins and tapes.

6.  STUCK IN A HUGE UPSET.  (Red Zone, all levels.)

An upset comes in many forms, but an upset is primarily a form of
electronic spiritual explosion or implosion.  As an explosion, it
disintegrates the being and its creations, driving the being out and
away from the area they are occupying.  (The being cannot get back
into the area.) As an implosion, the being and its creations
disintegrate and the area collapses over the being and buries it under
the rubble of its former creations.  (The being is completely
disintegrated, trapped and submerged in the area.)

7.  OPERATING ON A HUGE NEGATIVE PROGRAM.(Red Zone, all levels.)

The being has decided that people and life are evil and bad.  All
education is perverted into a negative experience.  The being
superimposes negative precepts and pictures over people, places,
subjects and things.

8.  HAS EVERYONE AS THEIR ENEMY.(Psychic warfare, Red Zone, all
levels.)

In this state people are not interested in truth or
effectiveness, they are dedicated to finding someone to blame for
their condition or level of existence.

It is from this point upward, from 8 to 1, that your client is
constantly in the Red Zone.

They are being created as a chronic losing negative identity
constantly getting and giving UNWANTED WANTS.

9.  IS BURIED IN PAIN AND UNPLEASANT SENSATIONS.  (Low Yellow and
Red Zone, all levels.)

Fear is the predominant emotion and attitude of this state of
being.  This shows up as an immobilizing, overwhelming fear of
success, prosperity, work, winning, cold calling, prospecting,
leadership and people handling reluctances.

10.  AN ABUSIVE EPISODE.  (You were given what you did not want,
or something happened you did not want, producing an Alien UNWANTED
WANT or OBJECT.  Red Zone, all levels.)

At this point life begins to become a grim ordeal and is filled
with tedium, your client begins to lose big time at the games of life.

11.  KARMIC TELEPATHIC SELECTION OF AN ABUSER OR GANG OF ABUSERS
TO PUNISH THEMSELVES.  (Yellow or Red Zone levels of existence.) By
instigating self-determined changes, the being is compulsively
attracted to AN ABUSER or ABUSIVE situation.

This is the point the being gives up control of their own
universe and goes on someone else's time trail, someone else's space,
someone else' s energy or money, someone else's objects.

The being has failed at being ethical, and believes they do not
deserve to own their own universe.  The only answer is to give up
control and be punished by An Abuser for failing and betrayal.

This is how the law of KARMA comes into being.

The law of KARMA is the universal spiritual ETHICS and JUSTICE
self-enforced and self-disciplined, SYSTEM of PRINCIPLES having been
created and AGREED UPON by and for spiritual beings to be able to
maintain an HONOR based ETHICS and JUSTICE SYSTEM.

This spiritual ETHICS and JUSTICE SYSTEM demands that you, the
being, will utilize your psychic powers to fully penalize or punish
yourself when you have violated your own Basic Goodness, Codes,
Principles, Virtues and Integrity.

Or:

You will fully utilize your psychic powers to fully reward and
enhance yourself when you have honored your Basic Goodness, Honesty,
Codes, Principles, Virtues and Integrity.

12.  THE FURIES, PERSONAL TURMOIL, PANIC AND CONFUSION.  (Yellow
or Red Zone levels of existence.)

The being is devastated and furious at itself for having violated
their Codes, Virtues, Principles and Integrity.

The being has enormous feelings of guilt, fear of being found
out, worry, nervousness, loss of self respect, lack of self worth and
betrayal.

By committing harmful acts and having secrets from those who have
trusted the client, the client realizes they have betrayed the trust
of their friends, partners and family.

The being is desperate to solve and escape from these turmoils,
guilts and feelings of having betrayed those who have trusted or loved
them.

To solve and handle their furies, conflicts, turmoil, guilt,
etc., the being decides to do something to stop themselves from
violating their Codes, Virtues, Principles, and Integrity by creating
self-determined changes in their life.

Such self-determined changes as:

To go on a diet.

To change jobs.

To end a relationship.

To get married.

To get divorced.

To join a religious group.

To become a nun.

To sell.

To buy.

To invest.

To go bankrupt.

To move to another country.

Etc., Etc.

All self determined changes are preceded by the furies, turmoil,
confusion, senses of guilt, feelings of betrayal, violations of
trusts.

13.  KEPT HIDDEN THEIR HARMFUL ACTS.  (Yellow or Red Zone levels
of existence.)

14.  FAILURE, INCOMPETENCE, PRODUCING HARMFUL OR NO PRODUCTS, NO WANTS.  (Yellow or Red Zone levels of existence.)

15.  COMMITS HARMFUL ACTS THAT VIOLATE THEIR CODES, PRINCIPLES AND INTEGRITY.  (Yellow or Red Zone levels of existence.)

16.  PRETENSE, PRETENDING TO KNOW.  (Yellow or Red Zone.)

It is from this point, 17 backwards to 1, that will cause your
client to begin to fail at the games of life.

17.  COLLIDES WITH AREAS OF NON-COMPREHENSION, LACK OF TRUTH,
KNOWLEDGE, TECHNOLOGY, SKILL OR ABILITY.  (Yellow Zone.)

This is the most vital point in TIME and SPACE.  It is where your
client can either succeed or fail.

Your client's future PROSPERITY, SUCCESS and HAPPINESS, depends
entirely on whether they are fully ROLE EDUCATED on THE TECHNOLOGY of
HOW to ATTAIN and MAINTAIN PROSPERITY, SUCCESS and HAPPINESS.

Over the forty years in this field, spanning an excess of 500,000
people, the most omitted training step on all people is: How to Attain
and Handle PROSPERITY.

If a client or student has been disintegrated by an ABUSER and
has been created as a loser or failure, it does not matter how well
you educate, train or process them, they will end up involuntarily,
compulsively creating a losing and failing life situation, on the edge
of, or deeply in POVERTY AND SADNESS.

18.  LIFE GOING FAIRLY WELL, OCCASIONAL ATTAINMENT OF WANTS.
(Low Green or Yellow Zone levels of existence.)

19.  LIFE GOING GREAT, CONSISTENT ATTAINMENT OF YOUR CLIENT'S AND OTHERS' WANTS.  (High Green Zone levels of existence.)

20.  IN ACTION, IN THE PHYSICAL UNIVERSE, FOLLOWING THE HOLOGRAPHIC IMAGED MASTER PLAN.  (High Green Zone.)

21.  CREATES A MASTERFUL WINNING IDENTITY.  (High Green Zone.)

22.  CREATES A FULL HOLOGRAPHIC IMAGED MASTER PLAN.  (High Green Zone.)

23.  CHOOSES CLEVERLY, IN ALIGNMENT WITH THEIR CODES, TO SPIRITUALLY PLAY THE EXACT RIGHT SPIRITUAL GAME TO PRODUCE WHAT IS REALLY WANTED.  (High Green Zone.)

24.  KNOW WITH FULL HOLOGRAPHIC IMAGERY WHAT THEY AND OTHERS REALLY WANT.  (High Green Zone.)

25.  HAS A HUGE HOLOGRAPHIC DREAM THAT MASSIVELY DOES THE GREATEST GOOD FOR THE GREATEST NUMBER, ABUNDANTLY GIVING AND PRODUCING WHAT ARE THE TRUE HOLOGRAPHIC WANTS.  (High Green Zone.)

The being's dreams, intentions, goals or purposes act as the
being's WILL POWER, and are the most basic power source and
directional focus of spiritual forces and psychic powers of the
Spiritual Being in order to fully attain the HOLOGRAPHIC WANTS.

26.  HOLOGRAPHICALLY CREATED WANT.  (Gold Zone.)

The holographic WANT stems from the truth, knowledge and love
obtained as a result of having applied full spiritual permeation into
what needs to be accurately perceived in an optimum or non-optimum
area.

This area has been holographically permeated and perceived in its
entirety of its energy, matter, space, time, mood, form, condition,
level of existence, its operating responsibilities and consequences.

The WANT is what is needed to upgrade or destroy the non-optimum area.

The WANT creates the desire, drive and intention to have a game.

Anything that impedes, slows, misdirects, prevents or stops the
attainment of the wants, dreams, intentions, goals or purposes of the
Spiritual Being robs the being of power, direction and focus, thus
robbing the being of its chances of fully attaining those wants,
dreams, intentions, goals or purposes.

Rehabilitation of a Spiritual Being's wants, dreams, intentions,
goals and purposes are the MOST VITAL PROCESSING ACTIONS you can
implement towards fully handling the being's case, plus restoring the
being's Codes, Virtues, Principles and Integrity.

27.  AN OPTIMUM OR NON-OPTIMUM AREA, SUBJECT, THING, OBJECT, PLACE OR PERSON THAT NEEDS TO BE SPIRITUALY FULLY PERMEATED AND PERCEIVED.  (All Zones.)

All WANTS are discovered and holographically created at this
step.

28.  HAS THE ABILITY TO FULLY PERMEATE, PERCEIVE, CREATE AND OPERATE CORRECTLY, ACCURATELY AND EFFECTIVELY IN A HIGH STABLE ASCENDED SPIRITUAL STATE.  (Gold Zone.)

29.  CONSTANTLY FULLY PRESENT.  (All Zones.)

## MAINTAINING WHOLENESS, PROSPERITY AND HAPPINESS

To attain and maintain wholeness, prosperity and happiness
requires a huge amount of knowledge, truth, awareness, skill,
cleverness, power, strength, training, processing, and discipline.

A vital ability needed is: The willingness for you or your client
to help others attain their true WANTS.

This sequence of events from 29 to 1 can span hours or the
sequence can span eons.  It takes as long as it takes.

Mastering the skills and technology of this procedure gives you
an IMMORTAL ability to prosper, succeed and be and make others happy
for as long as you wish.

By mastering this technology and the procedures, you have created
and enhanced yourself into a multi-trillion dollar product.  A huge
increase in your personal self worth and the creation of a super
winning, worthwhile identity.

ALAN C. WALTER
28 January 1996, 
Revised 24 February 1996

Copyright A9 1996
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

---

Alan C. Walter — web-page, discussion group, bulletins

wisdom@wf.net — www.knowledgism.com

"Truth is what it is — not what you want it to be."
