## TWO TYPES OF TRANCE STATES

For more than 50 years I have often wondered what 
is it that robs people of their life gains?

What causes even the sanest of people to have 
bouts of self-destructive behavior?

What is so hidden that few if any can find this 
built in destructive self-sabotaging force?

Strangely enough I found the answer almost at the 
beginning of my search for knowledge and self 
betterment – It was TRANCE STATES.

Stupidly I thought it was peculiarly only something that was specific to me.

Little did I realize it was common to ALL people? Very NARCISTIC of me!

To my knowledge no one has fully developed a way to handle these TRANCE STATES.

Yet – without a doubt these TRANCE STATES left 
unhandled will destroy most people’s life gains.

What is a TRANCE STATE?

TRANCE:	Detachment from one's spiritual, mental and/or physical surroundings.

1.  As in a fog, stupor, daze, contemplation or daydreaming.

Or,

2.  As in an ecstasy; a state in which the soul 
seems to have passed out of the body into 
celestial regions, or to be rapt into visions.

DETACHMENT:	The act or process of disconnecting or detaching; separation.

The state of being separate or detached.

Indifference to or remoteness from the concerns 
of others; aloofness: preserved a chilly 
detachment in his relations with the family.

As you can observe there are two types of trance states:

## TRANCE STATE TYPE ONE

The Type One trance state is a “NON-PERSON” “DOWN 
IN THE DUMPS” "DYSPHORIC" PRETENCE STATE.

DYSPHORIC: A generalized emotional state of 
anxiety, depression, unease or feeling of distress.

The person pretends to be present, pretends to 
work, pretends to like people, pretends to be 
here now, pretends to know, and pretends they are 
doing something or going to do something yet they do not do it.

This pretence is the most common self-sabotage 
and tacit sabotage action done by the majority of people in this trance state.

Type One:	A detachment from one's spiritual, 
mental and/or physical surroundings as in a fog, 
stupor, daze, contemplating or daydreaming.

Noun: 	A state of mind in which consciousness is 
fragile and voluntary action is poor or missing; a state resembling deep sleep.

Operating BASIS:	In this Type One state the 
spiritual being is completely buried and 
inundated with masses, pictures, stupidity, 
blackness, confusions, wrong why’s, wrong 
answers, wrong items, losses, anguish, 
heartbreaks, pains, rages, furies, deep 
resentments, pretence, lies, justifications and 
illiteracies. It is from this that the DYSPHORIA stems from.

The mood level is chronically low, the operating 
basis is a continuous putting off what needs to 
be done and a continuous make wrong of life, 
environments and others – this operating basis is 
used in order to maintain the detached state.

Most of the times the Type One remains invisible, 
living lives of quiet, resentful desperation. 
Being known, standing out or having attention 
placed on them is very painful and embarrassing. 
Their biggest fear is they maybe found out.

Often they are perfectionists (used to make 
everyone wrong) and control freaks (also used to 
make everyone wrong.) They use their 
perfectionism and control freakness to play 
victim and emotionally blackmail those around them.

They have a tremendous hate of power or powerful 
able people - which they hide behind pretence of 
friendship and accolades - for in their eyes they 
are constantly being made wrong by the demonstrations of competence and action.

Major Problems: 	The detachment causes the being 
to lose all power, thus their intentions, 
visions, plans and actions cease to exist or 
become nullified, plus there is a fog or stupor 
connected to their thinking, consequently the 
being is absent not only from their own purposes, 
but absent from their games and connections and responsibilities.

This absence can cause huge upsets to occur in 
others as it completely nullifies and stops all 
creativity, love, harmony, knowledge and 
integrity in any area or person connected to the trance state.

The Type One trance state people cannot stand 
people who are extroverts or who can reach out, 
they use “making others wrong” as a weapon to 
introspect and collapse the universes of those 
who are extroverts and who can reach out. This 
has the effect of collapsing space, energy and time in on top of ALL connected.

The Type One trance state people work hard at being “VICTIMS” and “MARTYRS.”

## TRANCE STATE TYPE TWO:

The Type Two trance state is a “NARCISTIC, UP THE  POLE,” “EUPHORIC,” DELUSIONARY STATE.

EUPHORIC: An exaggerated feeling of well-being or elation.

The person has had an out of control abuse caused 
Ascension Experience, such as a “near-death 
experience,” an escape from a cult or tacit sabotage gang, etc., etc.

They got free from “an abusive life” area without 
understanding what trapped them in the first 
place. This causes them to have delusionary 
answers to life thus causing a pretence that they 
know, and pretend they are doing something huge 
or spectacular or they are going to do something 
huge and spectacular - yet they do not do it.

This delusionary pretence is the most common 
self-sabotage and tacit sabotage action done by 
the majority of people in this trance state.

Type Two: 	A detachment from one's spiritual, 
mental and/or physical surroundings as in an 
ecstasy; a state in which the soul seems to have 
passed out of the body into celestial regions, or to be rapt into visions.

Noun:   	A state of mind in which consciousness 
is very volatile, abusive and voluntary actions 
are definite yet completely misses what’s truly 
needed; a state resembling hysteria.

Operating Basis:	In this Type Two state the 
spiritual being is completely outside the 
physical universe and is terrified of coming in 
and connecting to the people, masses, pictures, 
stupidity, blackness, charge, losses, anguish, 
heartbreaks, pains, rages, furies, deep 
resentments, and confusions they escaped from 
–yet they are still operating off the wrong 
why’s, wrong answers, wrong items, pretence, 
lies, justifications and illiteracies of their 
life. It is from escaping this that the EUPHORIA stems from.

The mood level often appears high but they have 
no empathy for others, but still the operating 
basis is a continuous putting off what needs to 
be done and a continuous make wrong of life, 
environments and others – this operating basis is 
needed in order to maintain the detached state.

Major Problems:	The Type Two trance state 
detachment causes the being to also lose all 
power, thus their intentions, visions, plans and 
actions cease to exist or become nullified, plus 
there is a over-there or elsewhere connected to 
their thinking, consequently the being is absent 
not only from their own purposes, but absent from 
their games and connections and responsibilities.

This absence also can cause huge upsets to occur 
in others as it completely nullifies and stops 
all creativity, love, harmony, knowledge and 
integrity in any area or person connected to the trance state.

The Type Two trance state people makes a great 
con-man or con-woman as they can dream 
spectacular dreams and get you involved with 
their dreams as they promise great riches – the 
only problem is they cannot deliver. Lacking 
empathy they do not see or experience the 
consequences of their dishonest actions.

The Type Two trance state people pretend to want 
to help others but secretly all their dreams, 
goals and actions are for themselves.

The Type Two trance state person tends to be very NARCISSISTIC.									

ALAN C. WALTER
23 July 2006

Copyright © 2006
Alan C. Walter - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

Sun Aug 27 20:43:11 EDT 2006
