## TYPES OF DUPLICATION

The key ingredient to living life at its highest 
potentiality in the Gold or high Green Zone is 
the beings ability to be able to create PERFECT  THREE-DIMENSIONAL HOLOGRAPHIC DUPLICATIONS.

By being able to create a PERFECT 
THREE-DIMENSIONAL HOLOGRAPHIC DUPLICATION of 
anything or anyone you can then attain oneness with anyone or anything.

Life itself is a composite of continuous Three-dimensional Holographic EVENTS.

Champions or masters in any field whether they 
are Nobel Prize winners, scientists, athletes, 
musicians, writers, or artists are experts and 
disciplined practitioners of perfect duplication.

To achieve PERFECT THREE-DIMENSIONAL HOLOGRAPHIC 
DUPLICATION of anything or anyone requires a 
continuous perfect level of honesty.

Main Entry: three-dimensional
Function: adjective

1 : of or relating to three dimensions having or 
appearing to have length, breadth, and depth.

2 : giving the illusion of depth or varying 
distances — used of an image or a pictorial 
representation especially when this illusion is enhanced by stereoscopic means

3 : describing or being described in well-rounded 
completeness a three-dimensional analysis of 
multiple historical processes — L. L. Snyder

## LIFELIKE

4 : true to life : http://www.m-w.com/dictionary/lifelike

DUPLICATION: Is the ability to observe in a three 
dimensional holographic manner someone or something exactly as it is.

DUPLICATION:  n.  The ability to approximate as 
closely as possible the Knowledge, truth, 
know-how, action, skill, object, datum, or word 
in its same time and space, with its same mass or energy

DUPLICATION: noun,  1. The act or procedure of 
duplicating. 2. The ability to approximate as 
closely as possible the skill, object, datum, 
word in its same time and space, with its same mass or energy.

DUPLICATING: verb,  The action of making an identical copy.

DUPLICATION, MENTAL:  This is an exact mental 
representation in mental image picture form.  It 
is recorded and stored in the mental machine 
known as the mind and contains all the 
perceptics, creations, shapes, events, forms, 
precepts, opinions, and conclusions.  This mental 
imagery is data and is a valuable tool as such, 
but it contains no intelligence or worthwhile 
judgment, which can come only from the spiritual Being.

DUPLICATION, IDENTITY:  n.  An identity is what 
the spiritual being creates to take and hold a 
position in order to play a game, consequently 
the identity has very selective perceptions and 
selective duplications. The identity is usually 
only willing to duplicate what is inside the game 
box and gets very agitated if forced to duplicate what is outside the box.

DUPLICATION, ARTIFICIAL IDENTITY:  n.  An 
artificial identity is what others have created 
the spiritual being into to take and hold a 
humanoid position in order to play a humanoid 
game, consequently the artificial identity has 
almost no perceptions and duplications other than 
what another or others approves of. The identity 
is usually only willing to duplicate what they 
have been programmed for and is okayed or 
approved of by others. The artificial identity is 
usually well inside the humanoid game box and 
gets very agitated and often goes into a trance 
state if forced to duplicate the higher levels of the humanoid box.

DUPLICATION, PHYSICAL UNIVERSE:  n.  The act or 
procedure of making an identical copy of an 
original using exactly the same formula, same 
material, similar time, with similar who, similar 
what, similar where, similar when, similar why, 
similar how, similar mood, similar space, similar 
form, similar energy, similar particles, similar 
feelings, similar motions, similar heat, similar 
cold, their interactions and interdependences and 
consequences.  It is the physical replication, or 
physical copying of the original over and over.

DUPLICATION, SPIRITUAL:  n.  This is an exact 
three dimensional recreation of someone or 
something that is an additional creation of that 
someone or something with its own who, what, 
where, when why, how, mood, space, time, form, 
energy, particles, feelings, motions, heat, cold, 
their interactions and interdependences and consequences.

This additional exact three dimensional creation 
is what allows for vanishment because it releases 
the being from the scarcity of only one and 
allows the Being the recognition that they can 
create, own, and be responsible for what has been 
created, thus bring about the power of choice 
whether to keep it created or cease to create it 
or create an unlimited amount of what they want.

PERMEATE:  v.  1. To spread or flow throughout, 
pervade.  2. To spread; penetrate; diffuse.  3. 
To flow through and penetrate every particle of 
the who, what, where, when, how and mood levels 
of an area of life with knowledge, truth, love, 
awareness and all spiritual virtues.

PERMEATION:   The spiritual ability to experience 
and totally duplicate, recreate, own, be 
responsible for, and control, as well as be at 
one with the exact who, what, where, when, why, 
how, mood, and their interactions and interdependences and consequences.

By being able to permeate fully, one achieves the 
highest level of perfect holographic duplication, 
thus one simultaneously experiences the 10 
attributes of greatness: Presence, Creation, 
Love, Truth, Harmony, Knowledge, Value, Responsibility, Control and Integrity.

ALAN C. WALTER
May 29 1986
Revised August 27, 2006

Copyright © 1986, 2006
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED


