
BLACK CORE ARTIFICIAL “ME’s”

A black core incident creates the being as a "black core artificial me."

This shuts the being off from its higher selves.

Every identity the being has created or been 
"created as" is a "me," which is a substitute for the pure being.

An Omni-Sovereign created identity or beingness is fully created by the being.

A Sovereign created identity is created using 
ingredients and attributes taken from others, but 
is mostly created by the being.

A Dependent “created as” identity is created by 
others, with some protested counter-creation by 
the being – this is what makes them “artificial” 
and hard to undo as they have multiple source 
points of creation and counter-creation.

At the bottom of the “created as” identity scale 
you have the “Black Core Abuse and Torture Created” artificial “me’s.”

This is what basically booby-trapped the GPM tech.

Scio over the years has managed to steadily 
degrade down to creating people as “black core artificial me’s.”

Which is the lowest point of a GPM.

When you escape from Scio, a being usually now 
opposes their own goals and now begins to build a new but more degraded GPM.

It is possible to go above compulsive GPM creations.

To do that you must process from the positive.

A Gold Zone, Omni-Sovereign operating being is 
outside of and at cause and creativity over 
life-force particles, time, space, objects, 
people, places, events, subjects, motions, who’s, 
what’s, where’s, when’s, how’s and moods with 
full responsibility and ownership.

It has the following attributes: - Total Presence 
- Immortal - Able to fully own, honor, duplicate, 
permeate and span all spectrums and scales – 
including all parts of the Games the being chose 
to play, their set ups, identities, time, space, 
the amount of energy invested, and the objects involved.

If the Prime Being has had an Ascension 
Experience that approximated this state - that 
being no longer is subject to the so-called 
standard prevent OT's from being made at any cost inhibited LRH bridge.

This does not negate the workability of the 
processes that have been discovered, but they 
must be used at the right, time and place.

Another huge omitted is the fact that Scio has no 
procedures to handle charge...all corrective 
procedures are designed to HANDLE BY-PASSED CHARGE.

From the AE moment on YOU MUST PROCESS THE PRIME BEING FROM THE POSITIVE.

As you process from the universe set-ups of your 
positive anchor points, dimension points and view 
points the lower level 2nd postulate negatives 
blow to view and now can be handled from the correct as-isness position.

Alan

Wed Sep  6 14:55:39 EDT 2006
