homer@lightlink.com wrote:
> 
> The OT is able to set up both a good guy and a bad guy and let them
> go at it with each other, all the while being both.
> 
> In being both there is no pain, as pain comes from separation and
> resistence.
> 
> This is a miraculous state, way beyond most people at this time.

## PAIN

As the source of separation is pain, then it is vital that we fully
comprehend pain and its causes.

The American Heritage Dictionary defines PAIN:  n.  1.  An unpleasant
sensation occurring in varying degrees of severity as a consequence of
injury, disease, or emotional disorder.  2.  Suffering or distress.

PAIN is composed of: 

1)  Collapsed universes.  This is the compression of You the spirit,
your mind, your body, and your identity into a ball of confusion,
stupidity, and electronic energy, trapping You the spirit into heavy
uncomfortable feelings and unpleasant sensations of hurt and anxiety. 

2)  Counter-force.  This is a type of force that is projected by
someone or something with the intention of stopping you from attaining
your goals, intentions, visions, and objectives.  This can act or
manifest as a pressure and can locate anywhere on the body, but
especially in the head, thus causing unpleasant sensations.

3)  Disruptive imagery.  This is a holographic mental or cellular image
that is in conflict with your own imagery, having been stuck or fused
spiritually, mentally, or physically into a particular area, place,
time, event, or subject.  This disruptive imagery can create severe
abrasive frictions, pain, and upset and be a source of unpleasant
sensations.

4)  Destroyed Creation .  There is always a destroyed creation that has
been collapsed by impact or continuous abrasive friction.  Creations
are  mental mockups or models that contain long-term future dreams or
visions such as a long-term loving partnership or a successful business,
etc.  The destroyed creation creates an uncomfortable feeling and
unpleasant sensation of a heavy loss.

5)  Heat caused by contact, abrasive friction, or impact.  Too much
heat causes unpleasant sensations.

6)  Cold, which is caused by a vacuum, distance, or low temperature. 
Too much cold causes unpleasant sensations.

7)  Polarity conflict that is generated by the rapid changing of
particles backward and forward from positive to negative polarity in a
repeated, violent manner, causing unpleasant sensations. 

8)  Electricity that is generated by the differing wavelengths of
life-force particles impacting or dispersing from an area.  Too much
electrical randomness can be extremely uncomfortable.

9)  Magnetism.  The constant compulsive or obsessive attraction or
repelling of life-force particles and mental imagery into or away from a
specific area of abrasive friction or impact.  Too much inward pulling
causes sensations of entrapment; too much dispersal causes unpleasant
sensations of scatteredness or dispersal.  Either way, your ability to
concentrate or focus your attention is greatly diminished.

10)  Trapped life-force particles.  Areas of pain are, in actuality,
compressions of space, time, energy, and life-force particles that are
impacted inward in a specific place and time.

It is the violent interaction and abrasive friction of counter-forces,
disruptive imagery, destroyed creations, heat, cold, electricity,
magnetism, and trapped life-force particles that causes unpleasant
sensations.  The most unpleasant is severe, agonizing hurting such as
severe burns, a crushed bone, or torn flesh.  These are physical pains
and they emanate extreme uncomfortable feelings and unpleasant
sensations.

There are four areas of pain.  Each has  a different source, though
each can be traced back to a spiritual source.

1.	Physical pain.

2.	Identity pain.

3.	Mental pain.

4.	Spiritual pain.

For really persistent areas of pain, you will find that there are
multiple sources.

## THE TWO MAJOR CAUSES OF PAIN

1.	ABRASIVE FRICTION.  This is the action of someone or something using
counter-force, disruptive imagery, or rubbing or being in conflict
against someone or something.  Where you have abrasive friction you have
a slow buildup of pain.  It can take years to build up to a level of
pain that produces a wanting or need to avoid the area.

Abrasive friction-caused pain is a subtle, gradual accumulation of pain
until it becomes unbearable, at which point you are forced to be absent
or leave the area.

Such problems as divorce, relationship problems, call reluctance,
inability to finish a job, can’t close, success reluctance, can’t study,
etc., are all caused by constant, long-term abrasive frictions.

2.	IMPACT.  This is the sudden forceful collision with someone or
something that is stronger or more powerful than you.  Such impacts
cause shocks and collapse universes.

When you are impacted suddenly, an area of pain is created.  That pain
can be so severe that it can ruin your life.

Death of someone you love, the loss of a partner, a car crash, being
fired, failing an exam, an explosion, constant abuse, etc., etc., all
cause overwhelming pain.

That pain can be impacted in the body, the identity, the mind, or You,
the spirit.  The most savage pain is impacted instantly in all four
areas simultaneously.

To fully erase this pain requires several different techniques.  All
are easy to do, but require bravery, time, money, and the commitment and
intention to handle fully the source of the pain.

The key to handling abrasive friction is to replace the abrasive
friction with harmony.  Eradication of abrasive friction is very easy to
accomplish.

There are specific techniques and exercises that go toward the
elimination of abrasive friction and replacing it with harmony.

## THE LIFE OUTCOMES

There are five areas of life outcomes that are the products of the
processes of the combinations and alignments of the Spirit — Perception
— Intention — Vision — Planning (Be — model) — Implementation (Do —
action - skill) — Outcome (Result — product — accomplishments —
ownership).

The above is the formula that defines the Ability Paradigm.

These five areas of life outcomes are how we assign value and worth of
self and others.

The combination of these five areas is how each person is positioned in
life and what level and type of game they can play.  They also play a
vital role in your self-respect.

By being able to evaluate these five areas, you can spot yourself in
the Big Picture.

The Green and Gold Zone levels represent areas of harmony and pleasure,
of excellence, teamwork, and accomplishment.

The Yellow Zone is predominately areas of  abrasive friction.

The Red Zone is predominantly areas of pain.

## FULL DEFINITION AND SYNONYMS OF PAIN:

Back in 1929, the Webster’s New International Dictionary had a much
stronger definition of pain than is contained in The American Heritage
Dictionary.  Therefore, we have added the 1929 definition.

PAIN:  n. [ME. peine, F. peine, L. poena, penalty, punishment,
torment, pain, Gr. poinh penalty. ]  1.  Punishment; suffering or
evil inflicted as a punishment for crime or connected with the
commission of a crime; penalty; fine.  2.  A form of consciousness
characterized by desire of escape or avoidance, and varying from slight
uneasiness to extreme distress or torture;  an affection or feeling
proceeding from a derangement of functions, disease, or bodily injury. 
“The pain of Jesus Christ.”  (Chaucer).  “When I speak of bodily pain
and pleasure of sense, I do not, of course, mean to imply that such pain
pleasure is not mental.  I only mean that we are unable to assign its
mental conditions, except in a vague . . . way.”  (G.F. Stout).  3.  The
torment of hell or purgatory; hell; purgatory.  Obs. 4. pl. The throes
or travail of childbirth; labor; — formerly used also in the  sing. “She
. . . travailed, for her pains came upon her.  (1 Sam. iv. 19).  5. 
Distressing uneasiness of mind; mental suffering; grief;  Obs.,
solicitude, apprehension, or anxiety.  6.  Labor; effort; trouble; also,
difficulty. Obs.  7. Vet. pl. A scabby disease of horses’ feet.  8.  pl.
Labor; toilsome effort; care or trouble;  — also sometimes construed as
sing.  “And all my pains is sorted to no proof.”  (Shakespeare).  “The
labored earth your pains have sowed and tilled.”  (Dryden).  
Syn.: — PAIN, ACHE.  PAIN denotes sharp, sharp, sometimes sudden, ACHE,
continuous, often dull, bodily suffering; both words are used
fig(uratively) of mental states, as, “They gnawed their tongues for
pain.” (Rev. xvi.10); “a fellow that never had the ache in his
shoulders” (Shak.);  “Joy, . . .  too intense, is turned to pain”
(Shelley); “By a sleep to say we end the heartache”  (Shak.).  See PANG, DISTRESS, EFFORT.

