## WHAT IS SOVEREIGNTY?

Main Entry: sov·er·eign·ty
Variant(s): also sov·ran·ty /-tE/
Function: noun
Inflected Form(s): plural -ties
Etymology: Middle English soverainte, from Middle French soveraineté,
from Old French, from
soverain
Date: 14th century

1 obsolete : supreme excellence or an example of it

2 a : supreme power especially over a body politic b : freedom from
external control : AUTONOMY c :controlling influence

3 : one that is sovereign; especially : an autonomous state

For most of us it means being able to be the god of or supreme power
capable of creating, owning and being the controller of our own
universe.

To be able to operate in this state requires that definition 1: supreme
excellence or an example of it; be demonstrated and manifest in the
present time physical universe.

A by-product of sovereignty is the demonstration of competence.

If you are needing to achieve supreme excellence or demonstrate an
example of it, you are describing operating at the level of mastery of
an area you wish to be capable of creating, owning and be the controller
of.

This attainment of a level of mastery over all the components of one's
own universe is how a being is able to comfortably and with ease take
and hold a position of full ownership of their own universe.

For a being to comfortably able to love and be at one with his fellow
man requires a tremendous ability to own ones own universe.

For it is very easy if a being lacks certainty of who they are and what
they know, which sets up areas of inability, this pre-disposes a being
to be "engulfed" by others.

So many of the problems on many cases stem from this one area of "being
engulfed" by another or others.

Main Entry: en·gulf
Pronunciation: in-'g&lf, en-
Function: transitive verb
Date: 1555

1 : to flow over and enclose : OVERWHELM <the mounting seas threatened
to engulf the island>

2 : to take in (food) by or as if by flowing over and enclosing
- en·gulf·ment /-m&nt/ noun

"Being engulfed" is somewhat akin to being eaten by someone or
something. When a universe collapses in on a being it gives him the
sensation of being chewed up and re-deposited in the universe as
excreta. A definite degrading feeling. The being goes in whole and comes
out reconstituted into many broken pieces.

Somewhat how a being feels when they escape a Cult.

You often observe this "being engulfed" situation in relationships,
especially where one partner attempts to dominate the other. Fights and
conflicts will break out as one being seeks to get free from being
"engulfed." To day it is often stated as I need my own space.

When you observe rage, fury, and outright hatred, you are most likely
observing someone trying to get free of some "engulfment."

A vital part of sovereignty is being able to maintain ownership and
control over:

- Your Own Space.

- Your Own Time.

- Your Own Time track.

- Your Own Energy.

- Your Own Objects.

When you lose the ability to be master of your own space, time, energy
or objects, you are to that degree being "engulfed."

The Zones are a gradient scale of Attainments of Sovereignty.

In the Red Zone the being has lost control of their own space, time,
energy or objects, they are to that degree being "engulfed." This
manifests in present time as being in the wrong place, at the wrong
time, with the wrong people. They are in actuality operating on or
dependent for their existence on opposing someone else's space, time,
energy or objects.

The major operating attitude is one of: Work Against.

The Red Zoners strike out blindly and viciously at anyone capable of
being bigger than them. Power, strength, ability, intelligence, skill,
mastery, wealth, success, prosperity are all threats to them, for they
feel they will be "engulfed." They seek to make nothing of the being in
power.

In the Yellow Zone the being has not sure of what are their own space,
time, energy or objects, they are to that degree in a "maybe or fear of
being engulfed." This manifests in present time as fairly good at
handling objects but very poor at handling people. They need to be told
what to do in most instances.

They are also in actuality operating on or dependent for their existence
on someone else's space, time, energy or objects.

The major operating attitude is one of: Work For.

The Yellow Zoner has a covert operating basis towards anyone who
manifests power, strength, ability, intelligence, skill, mastery,
wealth, success, prosperity are all threats to them, for they feel they
will be "engulfed." They seek to make less of the power.

In the Green Zone the being has great certainty of what is their and
what is anothers own space, time, energy or objects, they are to that
degree capable of taking great risks as they have "no fear of being
engulfed." This manifests in present time as good people handling skills
and almost always in the right place, at the right timer, playing the
right games with the right beings. They do not need to be told what to
do in most instances.

They are in actuality operating on being able to create or uncreate
their existence, space, time, energy or objects at will.

Their three dimensional projected telepathic holograms (dreams, goals,
visions) are manifested with great accuracy in their present time
environment.

The major operating attitude is one of: Work With. They consistently
make more of life and others.

This ability to work with requires the ability to be free from
"engulfment."

"Fear of engulfment" sets up huge destructive solutions that in
themselves become massive problems. "Fear of engulfment" is usually
accompanied by great hate and destructive attacks on those close to
them.

The manifestations of  "fear of engulfment" are easy to observe, the
being is always pulling away from areas. They constantly warn others to
be careful of, constantly creating a dangerous environment of "what
if.?"  The "fear of engulfment" case sees only enemies or threats to
their existence.

A Dominator is someone who has solved the "fear of engulfment" by
engulfing others and keeping them engulfed.

Possibly the greatest liability connected to an Ascension Experience is
the misuse of the powers, awarenesses, and abilities contained in the
higher universes they go into, to "engulf" others.

A further possibilty of how a being lost their power, awareness and
abilities contained in those higher universes had to do with "engulfing
others".

They do not need to lash out or react to threats of "engulfment."

The "Sovereign Being" has practically no fear factor as they can calmly
hold a position under the most chaotic circumstances. They easily see
the positive aspects of life and others.

Training and processing should always be designed to move the being
towards more and more sovereignty.  The present time standard to measure
progress by is: How often the key areas of the client or students
universe manifest Green Zone Truth Phenomena.

To have a team, it is vital that each teammate is capable of being able
to be their full sovereign self. Then and only then can co-creation
truly take place.

The most vital process area to handle to restore sovereignty to the
being is the Presence Processes.

Done gradiently as a process, the being can unsubmerge from any period
of "engulfment" that they are currently trapped or stuck in. It is vital
that the Presence Processes are done gently and to a win, as these
processes if done with too much force and duress will cause the being to
be "engulfed."

If a being has been impacted by these type of processes in an earlier
practice, you need to run the process as a contact assist. You will be
amazed at how much past training and processing caused your client or
student to become "engulfed."

For without the full Presence of the being there can be no sovereignty.

Total sovereignty over ones own universe would include the ability to
spanand permeate the spectrums of the mood scale, but would also include
the ability to naturally eminate, love, warmth, positiveness,
validation, appreciation, knowledge, truth, trust, honesty and above all
the ability to honor ones Codes, Virtues, Integrity, and Principles.

Alan







