## COLLAPSED UNIVERSES AND BLACK CORE INCIDENTS

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is an utter collapsed 
universe situation, wherein the spirit, mind, 
body and environment are impacted, scrambled and crushed together.

All space, time, energy and forms are compressed 
into and on the being by the collapse – thus 
causing the absence of and/or the inability to 
have space, time, energy or objects.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is an incident so 
deliberately deeply buried and full of unknowns 
that it can take-over the being and be capable of 
dictating and commanding its behavior now and into the future.

There are some disconcerting liabilities and 
by-products stemming from the “AIR OF 
SUPERIORITY” and the “INFERIORITY” procedures, 
which can occur as you unburden them.

The liability is that they sit on top of a BLACK 
CORE INCIDENT or “An incident so deliberately 
deeply buried and full of unknowns that it can 
take-over the being and be capable of dictating 
and commanding its behavior now and into the future.”

The reason it is so deeply buried is it contains 
very credibility destroying anti-social behavior 
and is so disgusting that no one would believe 
them if they told what happened, plus if it was 
known what happened their reputation and image 
would be ruined forever. The incident itself is a 
massive withhold, a huge must not be known.

There are huge amounts of life force particles 
tied up in keeping this deeply buried and in 
attempting to forget this ever happened.

So many life force particles are tied up that the 
being will have memory problems from that time on.

The by-product of these procedures is it makes a 
BLACK CORE INCIDENT available to be found.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is possibly the single most 
important incident you can find and run fully for the client.

Nothing affects the client’s presence-time 
existence, relationships, prosperity and 
happiness more than this incident, the reason for 
this is the client will be involuntarily 
replicating this incident and super-imposing what 
was done to them at that time on their 
presence-time environment and on the one’s they love the most.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is what gives the client 
continuous long-term urgent threatening 
presence-time problems, which in turn causes the 
client to commit continuous presence-time harmful acts to solve.

The BLACK CORE INCIDENT is an incredibly abusive 
painful degrading incident which the being feels 
and knows “must never happen again.”

On most cases a BLACK CORE INCIDENT occurred 
within the last 3,000 years on earth.

The reason I call it a BLACK CORE INCIDENT is 
that it is black, very condensed, contains 
immense betrayal, immense misuse of power, 
immense degradation, heavy pain, unconsciousness, 
humiliation, immense charge, immense violations 
of the beings own Codes, Virtues, Honor, Love, 
Truth, complete destruction of Relationships, 
immense Unknowns and a shattering of the beings 
own Integrity, a shattering and finally the complete loss of the being itself.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is an utter collapsed 
universe situation, wherein the spirit, mind, 
body and environment are impacted, scrambled and crushed together.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is the central core of a GAMES MATRIX ITEM.

Every GAMES MATRIX ITEM has at its core a BLACK CORE INCIDENT.

A BLACK CORE INCIDENT is the basic from that time 
on for All future Games, goals, identities, 
relationships, actions, reactions, and ability to 
have, stem from and are based in attempting to 
handle the BLACK CORE INCIDENT and its content.

The blackness comes from the being’s own 
incorrect time, space, energy and objects 
combined with an all consuming “does not want to 
know” buried in the pain, shock, treachery, 
degradation, complete subjugation, etc., thus the 
being is trapped to it and drags the incident with it through time.

The being is continuously fighting itself and 
those in the BLACK CORE INCIDENT and 
super-imposes it on presence-time players (PT 
Activators) and then getting activated by their 
own super-impositions and going into opposition.

In most cases when the being has an Ascension 
Experience the being de-accesses itself from a 
BLACK CORE INCIDENT, therein lies its problem as 
the being is resisting the BLACK CORE INCIDENT so 
hard that they involuntarily recreate the similar 
destructive situations in presence-time.

To my knowledge there are no beings who’s cases 
and life are set up to run the PARADIGM GAMES MATRIX Technology at this time.

You could call A BLACK CORE INCIDENT the seed of 
a beings inability to control its powers and 
life. For most it is easier to attack the person 
helping them than it is to confront a BLACK CORE 
INCIDENT. The reason for this is that in a BLACK 
CORE INCIDENT the being completely loses itself.

They will of course protest the person helping 
them is trying to take them over or wants to own 
them or some other garbage. This gives them the excuse to run away.

What they are really running away from is their 
immense hatred of themselves and their deep 
seated hatred for other beings, they are into a very heavy restraint of self.

For a BLACK CORE INCIDENT contains the most 
incredible amount of hatred….hatred for self and 
hatred for others, especially those with power. 
(This is why there are so few processors in the 
world….they have collided with the self-hatred of 
themselves and the self-hatred of most beings.)

Continuous poverty, disestablishment, divorce, 
bad relationships, failure, stupidity, 
illiteracy, inability to arrive and unhappiness 
all stem from an activated BLACK CORE INCIDENT.

It appears a being deliberately keeps the BLACK 
CORE INCIDENT in place to restrain their own power.

There is nothing unusual in this, it is the being 
honoring its own basic honesty, goodness and 
integrity. The being knows it is not capable of 
having and honoring true power, so stops itself 
from Being – Doing – and Having in the present.

As the being approaches a BLACK CORE INCIDENT the 
being fears they will lose themselves again, of 
course they have already lost. The self they are 
hanging onto is a composite of rightnesses and 
unusual solutions designed to make an approximation of self exist.

The being will deliberately destroy its 
connections to power if it is engaged in 
dishonorable actions. Of course it will always 
blame and accuse the being in power of what it is 
in actuality its own harmful acts.  (Attacking 
that which their survival depends on.)

The being will have an Up-the-Pole Ascension 
Experience as they go free from the area they are 
committing continuous harmful acts in, but then 
the non-optimum reality and poverty life conditions will set in.

The being will not recognize these non-optimum 
realities and poverty life conditions as they are 
being too right about everything, they will in 
fact be addicted to Ascension Experiences and 
their favorite solution to everything.

You can easily believe that other practices and 
religions have discovered the above but it is not 
true, they are in fact dramatizing not looking at 
and denying the existence of this area and the 
Ascension/Abuser/Abuse Addiction phenomena.

Due to this discovery we are completely 
revamping, re-evaluating and reformatting the 
approach and the sequence of doing the 
Ascension/Abuser/Abuse Addiction Procedure.

---

ALAN  C. WALTER

11 November 2002

Copyright © 2002
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

