## WHAT IS CHARGE AND BY-PASSED CHARGE?

CHARGE is defined as stored energy or force.

BY-PASSED CHARGE is defined as mental energy or mass that has been
restimulated (accessed) in some way in an individual, and that is
partially or wholly unknown to that individual and so is capable of
affecting him adversely.

ENERGY is defined as postulated particles in space.

The definition of ENERGY leaves much to be known. At a spiritual level
the particles are life force particles. Further it would get very
tiresome if the Static Being had to continuously create life force
particles and postulate the impulses to direct the life force particles
to the receipt point.

Thus the being creates storage containers of life force particles, these
are known mainly as identities, but any creation can have the
capabilities of energy storage. A healthy whole storage container can
store, send or receive life force particles.

When a Static being creates a 3 dimensional holographic creation or
mock-up these always contain the energy containers.

## ENERGY CONTAINERS OR PACKS.

They are very similar to a battery in that they have a Positive and a
Negative Polarity.

When two spiritually healthy beings make contact the flows of energy
effortlessly move back and forth.

When By-Passed Charge is present then the flow of energy changes
wavelength. (Change of mood or tone.)

The content or significance of what the energy flow relays is not
meaningful.

By-Passed Charge present means there is something wrong with the
mechanical aspects of the
energy container, pack or the carrier lines.

There are numerous effects apparent when damage has occurred in this
area.

SHORT CIRCUIT: = Client unable to communicate, unconscious, comatose,
usually in great psychosomatic pain and unpleasant sensations. Client
not available. Absent.

No lines to other terminals, no itsa-maker line.

INTERMITTENT SHORT CIRCUITING = Client very snarly, bad tempered,
attacking the processor, the tech, the subject, etc. Negative identity
in control. Client not there.

No lines to actual terminal in front of him. No itsa-maker line.

Constant whats-it-ing about case.

OCCASIONAL SHORT CIRCUITING = Sudden mood or tone scale drops, roller
coaster. Client moving in and out. But uses mainly substitute identity.
Weak presence.

Low tone or mood level.

Basically anything at anger or below is a sign that there is by-passed
charge.

This means the client is in a chronic negative identity. A single pole
condition.

The processor is needed to cause the CHARGE to transfer from the
NEGATIVE to the POSITIVE.

The processor acts as a POSITIVE receipt point, this causes the charge
to go into motion, the motion cause the client to rise in tone or mood
level.

A well trained processor who has command over his tools sees these
conditions immediately, and will not go into the main body of the
session until they are remedied.

## OBSERVING THE FLOWS OF ENERGY

During the 50’s and early 60’s the tone scale was the basic indicator of
By-Passed Charge for most processors and pcs.

The tone scale is how a being BE’s - DO’s - and HAVE’s at different
emotional levels.

EMOTIONS are the velocity of energy traveling from point A to point B
and returning.

E-MOTIONS are the language of the Spiritual Being.

E-MOTION is the velocity, wavelength and resistance encountered of the
postulated life force particles being in motion from the emanation point
to the receipt point, returning back from the receipt point to the
emanating point.

E = Energy used to move something. MOTION is the movement of the
something.

Effort is a form of concentrated Energy.

The Tone Scale is in actuality the perception of a series of sensations
that occur between a point A to point B energy in motion phenomena.

The higher toned - the greater velocity and quantity of life force
particles in motion.

As a being descends lower on the tone scale, the effort to impulse the
life force particles become harder and the resistance is greater.

At Anger there is the use of energy to stop energy.

Below Anger the being is now engaged in attempting to get back his
energy or assigning his energy away.

By accurately observing the tone level of the being, identity, game, or
environment you are a part of, it is easy to observe the amounts of
By-Passed Charge that needs to be handled.

The size of game a being is playing and the level of success is directly
proportional to the amount of free energy, or life force particles
available to play the game, etc. The ability to handle By-Passed Charge
on self or others as you are playing a game is a very useful tool.

For example if you notice that every one around you is fearful, then the
By-Passed Charge is connected to anger and above. The charge and
By-Passed Charge is ALWAYS ABOVE YOUR REALITY and AWARENESS.

The stupidity of always seeking a suppressive person to handle or
explain By-Passed Charge or lower conditions is in actuality a form of
misdirection.

There is far more By-Passed Charge on mishandled beauty, or glorious
love, lost abilities, or a fall from a power position, than on being
ugly, poor or inept. The single biggest cause of By-Passed Charge
appears to be violations of ones own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Truths
and Principles, for they are the boundaries that the who/identity is
created from.

When these violations of ones own Codes, Virtues, Integrities and
Principles are violated the being pulls in its space, thus solidifying
the amount of life force particle it can control, send or receive.

Just switching from God mode to humanoid mode can cause immense
By-Passed Charge. Not just in your universe, but all those connected to
you.

In the presence of too much By-Passed Charge the being tends to go out
of communication, put distance between their terminals or containers, to
seek a more solid reality. This causes the beings spiritual mock-ups to
collapse. The being crashes down the Org boards of life.

Lost dreams are caused by too much By-Passed Charge.

Lost power identities and beingnesses are caused by too much By-Passed
Charge.

Lost positions are caused by too much By-Passed Charge.

A masterful By-Passed Charge processor can if possible get the previous
ideal, goal or dream re-stated and processes the By-Passed Charge from
the higher expected state.

The reason for this is to re-establish the clients Positive Polarity.
This then allows the Negative Charge to dissipate

To process By-Passed Charge successfully you must process against the
pcs ideals scenes and most optimum operating conditions, no matter what
present time state the composite being is dramatizing.  Establish the
POSITIVE POLARITY.

## THE IMPORTANCE OF THE POSITIVENESS OF THE BY-PASSED CHARGE HANDLING PROCESSOR

By-Passed Charge processing demands that the processor holds a POSITIVE
POSITION, to occupy this the Processor must honor the highest OT or
Godlike levels of expectancy for the client. Anything less is a degrade
of the client in front of you, and that alone will by-pass immense
quantities of charge. You are after all dealing with truth.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR the
GREENZONE TRUTH PHENOMENA and help to expand them in session and in
life.

(For detaials of GREENZONE TRUTH PHENOMENA.)

http://www.knowledgism.com/Disc/greenphn.html

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR their
observations of BAD INDICATORS and be willing to demand that they be
handled and eliminated in session and in life.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR the
exact who, what why, when, etc.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR that
the exact cause of the By-Passed Charge is what is the exact cause -
even if it makes the Processor totally wrong.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR the
upper levels of the tone scale.

And until the pc is manifesting those high tone levels there is MORE
By-Passed Charge too handle.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR and
seek to expand the in session and in life phenomena of floating needles
and floating tone arms.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must HONOR and
never explain, justify or make excuses for the lack of GREEN ZONE
INDICATORS both in session or in life. To successfully handle By-Passed
Charge the Processor must continue to HONOR the GREEN ZONE and handle if
wanted the RED ZONE INDICATORS.

To successfully handle By-Passed Charge the Processor must educate and
restore the clients ability to HONOR their own truths and never accept
wrong items, wrong indications, wrong processes.

The Processor knows and HONORS - THE CORRECT ITEM OR INDICATION FOR THE CLIENT IS THE ONE THAT BLOWS AND ERASES THE BY-PASSED CHARGE AND YOU GET AN IMMEDIATE RISE IN MOOD OR TONE LEVEL.

I realize the above looks very daunting, but it really isn't, what is
daunting is for the Processor to do nothing about the clients By-Passed
Charge.

Realize as the By-Passed Charge accumulates, the Processors clients will
have less and less point A’s and point B’s to go towards, to that degree
they are dying as a Spiritual Being.

The absence of point A’s and B’s causes a being to go immobile. That is
DEATH to a Spiritual Being.

The first thing that hits most beings when they left the Church was the
absence of point B’s. The loss of friends, games, places to go,
worthwhile states to strive for, huge dreams destroyed all contribute to
making the handling of By-Passed Charge too much bother, a state of
apathy. Once that has set in you have reached END OF GAME = DEATH as a
Spiritual Being.

The way out? Is for you to start co-processing with someone. This alone
will act as a contact assist. Which is the most basic form of By-Passed
Charge processing and handling there is!

Just knowingly sitting opposite someone will activate the charge, force
and masses.

Do it on a very slight, light touch gradient.

i.e. For 1 minute.

Then ask: ‘What happened?” If uncomfortable feelings turn on: Ask: “Did
you get reminded of something?” “Tell me about it?”

What will come to view will be past By-Passed Charge doing this. By
telling you about it, the being will begin to run, “then and now” forms
of locate and indicate By-Passed Charge handling.

Just repeat alternating with each other until you can be comfortably
present. It may take several weeks of this. It depends on how brutalized
you or your partner have been.

My top processor, took 3 months before he could stay in the office for
more than an hour. In the beginning he could only walk in the door, and
had to leave almost immediately. It took several years to fully bring
the RPF to view and run out the By-Passed Charge that had been laid in
on him.

By-Passed Charge can run deep and long. Especially if this life
activities have been very abusive.

Light touch is the key to handling By-Passed Charge.

## TOO MUCH POSITIVENESS

Past Ascension Experiences are often a huge area of By-Passed Charge as
the being has risen into uncharted, unmapped areas of unknowns.

Ascension Experiences are a double whammy! as they often exceed the
awareness and havingness levels of those around you, this can cause
By-Passed Charge from you to them, and By-Passed Charge from them to
you.

The being soars into a high POSITIVE STATE, this can cause all those
around them to need to itsa off the now no longer tacitly agreed-upon
areas of sabotage, This can be very difficult if the Ascender does not
have an effective communication cycle, usually it ends in lots of
By-Passed Charge.

Almost all lower “ethics” conditions were preceded by Ascension
Experiences. The lower condition assignment acts as a wrong item, plus
is also a wrong indication, and can severely cause major amounts of
charge to get by-passed and destroy your dreams and aspirations.  These
can cause a SHORT CIRCUIT and ends up sticking a being into a losing
identity that acts as a continuous NEGATIVE POLE.

It takes a great deal of patience to handle someone who has been
violated by the mis-application of the “administration”  - “technology” - and “ethics” of previous practices.

Not only has it been done to you, but you have in turn done it to
others. That's never easy to confront. But you must HONOR the GREEN ZONE
and handle if wanted the RED ZONE INDICATORS by getting into action and
demand of yourself continuous GREEN ZONE INDICATORS in life.

Again it is not the content that you are after, it is the REPAIR OF THE
MECHANICAL ASPECTS OF THE CREATION the client has constructed and is now
sitting in front of you.

The Processor as the client begins to raise up the tone scale or Zones,
must have the ability to let go of their POSITIVE POSITION and slowly
allow the client to assume a more POSITIVE POSITION.

As the client begins to correctly spot the By-Passed Charge causes, the
clients itsa-maker line will go in better and better, not only that they
may even become willing to be fully responsible for the whole session.
At that point the Processor is now occupying a NEGATIVE POLARITY. The
POLARITIES will shift back and forth as the session goes along.

A well running client can span the full spectum of the Zones and all
scales. Able to be Positive or Negative at will.

Alan






