# The history of LOCATE and INDICATE technology

The discovery and application of the locate and indicate technology is
an off-shoot of the original Goals - Problems - Mass and the finding of
the present time truncated Goals - Problems - Mass research.

The discovery and application of the locate and indicate technology
occurred during the Jan to March 1963 period.

The Locate and Indicate technology was a composite of several pieces of
other techs. Withhold pulling, Listing and nulling, recognition of a
win, tone scale observations and basic communication cycle observations.

The Goals - Problems - Mass technology ran well when the pc had found
the correct goal and then found the correct items. If this sequence was
done then huge masses and areas of force and charge would erase, the pc
would zoom up the tone scale.

If done incorrectly then the case would stop running well and would
instantly ADD mass, force and charge, and plunge down the tone scale.

Much the same would occur when a pc had their withholds correctly and
fully pulled and handled. Again, if this sequence was done then huge
areas of force and charge would erase, the pc would zoom up the tone
scale.

If done incorrectly then the case would stop running well and would
instantly ADD mass, force and charge, and plunge down the tone scale, go
out of session, become hypercritical, of the processor, subject, etc.

Listing and nulling was the action that would be used to locate charged
or prime goals or charged or prime items such as Identities, People,
Places, Subjects or Objects (things.) Again, if this sequence was done
then huge masses and areas of force and charge would erase, the pc would
zoom up the tone scale.

If done incorrectly then the case would stop running well and would
instantly ADD mass, force and charge, and plunge down the tone scale,
the biggest liability to out lists and wrong items would be the pc would
refuse to be processed.

I for what ever reason (probably self preservation) picked up on the
negative phenomena almost immediately. I would just indicate to the pc,
looks like we don't have the right item, or goal, or got all of the
withholds, etc. Immediately the pc would brighten up.

This was somewhat contrary to the Auditors Code of — Never
rationalize, justify, or make excuses for any auditor mistake whether
real or imagined.

## THE SAINT HILL SPECIAL BRIEFING COURSE TRAUMATIC EVENT.

Each week someone would be selected to process on closed circuit TV, and
the sessions would be relayed to the Chapel where LRH, MSH, the staff
and the 100 or so students would each critique the session, looking for
Code breaks, out basics, or any processor mistakes.

LRH would then have MSH gather up all the critiques and tabulate the
outnesses and good points. To say the least it was a terrifying event
for the chosen victim.

Lucky me, I was the chosen victim who was selected to run a pc on a
listing and nulling procedure.

Being on TV, and in session was enormously stressy for the pc as well as
the processor, for if the pc had any missed witholds, these would
intensify under such scrutiny. Just being able to get the pc in session
was a major victory, let alone do a positive action.

To make matters worse LRH had a microphone and the processor wore an
earplug so that he could receive instruction as the session went along.
Now if you have any idea what it is like to be processing someone who is
in terror, not going into session and have Ron’s voice explode
inside your head, you now know why you need to do plenty of TR0.

## THE TV SESSION

I uttered those terrifying words — START OF SESSION!

Instantly the tone arm began to rise and a dirty needle turn on.

Dirty needle — possible missed withhold? or comm. cycle break?

I opted for missed withhold!

So I asked is there something you are afraid you will have to tell?

Instant long fall of the needle.

Much squirming by the pc, long comm. lag.

Er - yes - er - er - I masturbated when I went home this evening.

The tone arm blew down.

Ack!

Who nearly found out about that?

The pc burst out laughing, well every one in the Chapel when I was told
I was going to be the pc. I instantly thought “I hope this doesn't come
up.” - -  “Well now everyone knows.”

Thank You!

I then told her we are going to do a list on your goal To be a God.

Who or what would want to be a God?

The pc listed away, there was one reading item.

A controller LF.Bd.

I indicated it to her.

She momentary brightened up, then the tone arm began to soar and she
instantly began to criticize me.

I said, "looks like that is not a correct item." Tone arm blows down, pc
brightened up.

We continued listing; Who or what would want to be a God?

A further 20 to 30 items were added to the list and then the item “A
ruler” read with a long fall, blow down.

I gave her the item.

Checked to find out if it was a terminal or opposing terminal. It had
pain on it. It was a terminal.

Indicated it was a terminal item.

And she was very happy, had several great cognition's.

I ended session. Now I was very happy, I had survived.

I was definitely in an Ascension Experience state.

We made our way back to the Chapel.

## BACK AT THE CHAPEL

We were greeted with silence. This usually meant disaster.

MSH had gathered up the critiques and had just about finished tabulating
them.

Ron would then announce the findings and go over each for validity.

They outnessess were graded on a percentage basis.

To make a long story short.

A 100% of students and staff had said I violated the Auditors code.

Never rationalize, justify, or make excuses for any auditor mistake
whether real or imagined.

This was a Gross Auditor Error and the penalty for that was to retrain
the whole Briefing Course. (Not good!)

So Ron asked, with a twinkle in his eyes: “What do you have to say for
yourself Alan?”

I stood up, very pissed off. Suppressing my anger and dismay. I stated
“Truth is senior to the Auditors Code.” - pause - “If we do not tell the
pc that his item or goal is wrong, then the session and the pc is
stopped right there.”

There was an audible gasp from the students. Heresy had been uttered.

MSH started to giggle, Ron tried to suppress his laughter, then finally
burst out laughing, the students were bewildered. I was bewildered. I
didn't know if they were laughing with me or at me.

Ron smiling said: “You are quite right Alan.” - - “We'll take a thirty
minute break. And I will give a lecture.”

The lecture he gave was: 6303C07  SHSBC-247  When Faced with Unusual,
Do the Usual.

We met and communicated later about how we could improve the processing
on Goals - Problems - Masses and upper level pcs.

He then issued the bulletins on

14 March 1963.  ROUTINE 2  - - ROUTINE 3 ARC BREAKS HANDLING OF.

18 March 1963. R2 - R3 IMPORTANT DATA - DON'T FORCE THE PC.

These two bulletins are full of vital data in regards to ARC Break
Handling at different case levels.

If you truly want to be a master at handling ARCX’s then these bulletins
MUST be mastered and the rules HONORED.

This tech is long ago lost in the now Scio. Few if any grade auditors
have ever studied let alone applied the data on these bulletins.

Alan















