## WHAT IS SPIRITUAL PROCESSING?

By definition a process is a sequence of events or actions that lead to
an end result.

The definition of Spiritual Processing is a series of spiritual
processes, spiritual actions that lead to an enhanced spiritual
awareness and spiritual end result. A greater presence of spirit.

Spiritual Processing is an adventure, a discovery and enhancement of
ones own spiritual self, of ones own higher and present time universes
and the increasing of harmonious inter-relationships with other
spiritual beings and their higher and present time universes.

When beings engage in spiritual processing they enter one or more higher
universes, universes that are outside the time and space of the physical
universe. yet, are very much present.

These higher universes contain a was-ness (past,) an is-ness (present
time) and a will be-ness (future).

Higher universes surround the present time identity of a being somewhat
similar to an onion. In the center of the universes is the present time
identity the being has chosen to wear to handle its present time life
and play its games packages. Each onion like layer that surrounds and
contains the present time identity and games package is a higher, more
powerful, more intelligent, more able, more aware layer of operating
spirituality.

To enter the portal and travel to a higher universe requires several
pro-active actions. It is done by first having a safe space to process
in. Then having the willingness to open the portal to your higher
universes, having someone willing to help you should you encounter
difficulties, a sequence of techniques that give you the ability to
travel through these higher universes. A repertoire of corrective
processing tools should you encounter difficulties.

To travel through these higher universes you must be able to permeate,
know the unknown, observe and handle lies, handle by permeation force,
charge, mass, confusion, blackness, and stupidity.

A successful expedition to your higher universes results in discovering
new abilities and releasing locked up life force particles that can now
be utilized to enhance your present time life and livingness.

Each of the higher universes contain their own Codes, Virtues,
Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and Principles. To successfully
navigate upward you often must locate past and present violations of
these Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and
Principles. Failure to do this results in misdirection, unchanging
conditions, by-passed charge, lowered chronic mood level, stupidity,
chaos, blackness and eventually the shutting down of the portal.

This manifest in present time as: Can't get processing. Does not want
processing. No time for processing. No interest in processing. To poor
to be processed. Not aware of self as a spiritual being.

Or degrade even further into attacking those who do engage or get
processing.

Some technologies even go so far as to prohibit their practitioners from
going into the unknown, unmapped, uncharted areas of these higher
universes. They have created identities to process only identities,
their techniques are designed to mis-direct their clients away from the
higher universes. These are domination of beings practices. They truly
fear free fully potentialled beings.

True spiritual processing eventuates in successful expeditions into the
unknown, uncharted, unmapped territories of each beings unique higher
universes.

A further validation of a successful expedition is, you are much more
present, larger spiritual spheres of influences, more dynamic, more
focused spiritually on your dreams, visions and aspirations, and by
having greater quantities of life force particles available, your
dreams, visions and aspirations manifest very quickly in present time.

A vital part of this adventure is that both you and your processor
maintain or enhance each others sovereignty. For the journey upwards
demands an ever expanding sense of self and continuous reclamation of
old lost territories and spheres of influences. To continue to expand
yours and your partners sovereignty requires that each of you honor and
maintain your Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths
and Principles. For it is by the honoring of your Codes, Virtues,
Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and Principles that allows you
to create the space of your own universes.

When a being violates anyone of these Codes, Virtues, Integrities,
Masteries, Honesty, Truths and Principles, they are prone to collapsing
their own and others space and thus imploding their own and others
universes.

It takes a great amount of honor to successfully travel along this
pathway and restore your powers back for your use in present time.

The processor is faced with the greatest challenge as they must honor
their own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and
Principles, whilst at the same time help their clients achieve their
wants. Sometimes these clash, sometimes the team you are part of
violates these, sometimes the organization violate these Codes, Virtues,
Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and Principles.

But if you realize, the end product of a process is a portion of truth.

The end product of a procedure is at cause over the area being adressed,
a greater truth.

The purpose of an Organization is to provide a safe space in which
processing can take pace.

A session is for the benefit of the client. Its sole purpose is to help
the client find its wants and help them attain them.

Then the processor exists for the client.

The organization exists for the processor and the client.

So long as this sequence is kept equitable and fair exchanges are
maintained. Then the journey is achievable.

Any violations of this sequence will result in the processors universe
collapsing and the processor will cease to process as they are being
forced to violate their own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries,
Honesty, Truths and Principles.

Many of us have seen close to 40,000 top trained and processed people
leave one organization over a period of 15 years, because they
continuously violated the Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries,
Honesty, Truths and Principles of their processors and clients.

The processor is the leader of the expedition to greater awareness,
ability and spirituality. They are the true spiritual leaders that can
take this civilization onto its next step. Destroy the honor of the
processors and you have shut the portals that lead to the higher states,
the higher civilizations, the higher universes.

Failure to become a master processor is a gross violation of a beings
own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and
Principles.

Failure to process or train those around you to process is a gross
violation of a beings own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries,
Honesty, Truths and Principles.

When a being violates these self created standards they have no choice,
but to take on a humanoid identity, engage in meaningless games and
pretend the higher universes do not exist. To go into tacit agreement
with others to prevent processing from taking place.

It is a tough battle to successfully take this journey into the higher
universes, doing it alone is almost impossible, it gets much easier as
an effective, honorable team forms and they help each other honor their
own and other beings own Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries,
Honesty, Truths and Principles.

The spiritual processing teams are forming once again throughout the
planet.

The violations of the Gods Codes, Virtues, Integrities, Masteries,
Honesty, Truths and Principles could be the major reason why the God's
were forced into becoming mortals?

Full three dimensional holographic restoration of a beings own Codes,
Virtues, Integrities, Masteries, Honesty, Truths and Principles produces
incredible increases in power, awareness, skills, abilities, size of
game, size of player, intelligence, cleverness, a soaring rise in mood
level and an immense ability to maintain ones own sovereign universe. It
allows the being to operate in a continuous Ascension state.

Being a Spiritual Processor is an effective, honorable, vast team game,
well worthy of investment..

Alan
