
BPC 11.

CASE TIMELESSNESS, UNKNOWNS and BY-PASSED CHARGE

One of the most consistent aspects of handling by-passed charge is the
finding of new pieces of case.

The reason this occurs is that much of ones case is TIMELESS.

The timelessness stems from the fact that there is some kind of force
counter force that balances out the activities, thus causing the areas to
suspended in time and space.

The simple definition of a present time problem is intention counter
intention. But this is such a minuscule aspect of the TIMELESSNESS problem.

One of the basic abilities of a Spiritual Being is the ability to hold
something still and stopping it from going away.

All universe are by their nature constructs that have been held still and
are persisting from going away.

This force counter force aspect of cases is vital if you want to fully
erase unwanted case conditions.

There are two basic types of force counter forces.

1. Matching or comparable forces.

2. Opposite forces.

Matching or comparable forces would be a God versus a God or the Denver
Broncos versus the Green Bay Packers, etc.

Opposite forces would be a God versus a Victim or a Despot versus a Mad
Horde, etc.

What this gives us is 4 types of force counter force conditions. The  4
types of force counter forces set up the horizontal opposing games
condition and the vertical opposing games condition outer limits of a
subject or area boundaries.

The matching or comparable forces dichotomy (God versus Counter God) spans
the upper Green and Gold Zone regions. Thus we have a horizontal opposing
games condition and all the accompanying drama and conditions.

A God versus a Victim spans a vertical opposing games condition. Spanning
the whole spectrum of the Zones and ALL levels of the tone scale from +30
to -40.

The horizontal opposing games condition and the vertical opposing games
condition constitute the complete subject package. It was these packages
that were the target of the original Goals - Problems - Masses technology.

The emotions contained throughout the tone scale can have both horizontal
and vertical emotions versus counter emotions. i.e. Anger versus counter
anger, or apathy versus counter apathy, etc., etc. All emotions can be
opposed by similar counter emotions. You can easily produce a false release
by only handling an anger counter anger and this can give the apparency of
having blown the whole package, when in fact you have only released a small
portion of the over-all package. The parts that have been missed now act as
forms of BY-PASSED CHARGE.

These dichotomous horizontal and vertical games packages are very easy to
observe in action in our present time civilization. i.e. IBM versus
Microsoft, AT&T versus SW Bell, US versus China, or the Tycoon versus the
Tycoon.

Vertically China versus Taiwan, or the Tycoon versus the Skid Row Bum.

If you want to produce Gods, Avatars, OTâ€™s, Super Beings, then each being
must find, identify , run and span the spectrums of the games packages and
all they contain both horizontally and vertically.

It is the spectrums of the games packages and all they contain both
horizontally and vertically that are the consistent unknowns on most cases.
Miss this and you will have by-passed case and much by-passed charge on
your case or your clients cases.

Alan





