
BPC 12: FALSE CASE STATES AND BPC

Possibly nothing destroys the credibility of a subject or practitioner
faster than to not produce what it promises.

False case states are the fastest way to destroy a subject.

Take for instance. A Communication Release.

The stated ability is: Able to communicate to anyone, at anytime, about
anything.

That simply means; able to communicate knowingly and causatively to The
President, Michael Jordan, the Pope, a skid row bum, a psycho or even an
suppressive person or whom-ever. When, where, etc. 

I estimate it took me almost 4,000 hours of processing, and several years
of training to reach this ability. And I started pretty high up the Org
Board of life. My friends were world champion athletes, my business
partners were Wimbledon winners, etc. I had fairly good communication lines
to start with.

When one has attained a full communication release, there are no stops on
who you can get into communication with. NONE.

Nothing is more ridiculous than a highly trained processor or practitioner
who has no clients. You just go out and get some.

Yet, just ask most processors to do some cold calling. You’ve never seen
such rationalization or justification in your life on why they cannot do
it. Where is their honor or integrity?

There is this person starving for clients who has attested to being a
communication release who cannot, will not go out and see or contact new
people. Is that really a communications release?

The only real test of a state attained is you can DO IT EFFORTLESSLY AND CONSISTENTLY OVER AND OVER AGAIN.

The falsely attested release then processes others to the same inability.
Slowly the Technology disappears. Before long those that can truly
communicate to anyone, at anytime, about anything become restimulators to
those who cannot. This results in those who can truly communicate to
anyone, at anytime, about anything, being stopped from communicating,
stopped from originating and if they persist then outlawed from the group
of pretenders.

It may take them awhile, but they will of course find a place to
communicate from, and the pretenders will have nothing but hell and
damnation from them.

Don’t throw away your freedom by falsely attesting to states you cannot
manifest knowingly and at cause. Always be able to DO THE ABILITY ATTESTED, EFFORTLESSLY AND CONSISTENTLY OVER AND OVER AGAIN.

I periodically check to see that my abilities are still operating.
Sometimes I do lose them. I simply find what went out and correct it.

If you cannot DO THE ABILITY ATTESTED EFFORTLESSLY AND CONSISTENTLY OVER
AND OVER AGAIN then go back and work on it until you can. Realize the one
person you really betray is you. Of course you also betray those who
trusted you.

Failure to honor the full ability of a level or state will cause you or
your clients to become false products, false beings, the end result is you
will stop going forward in your growth. Worse you will be so full of
by-passed charge, nothing will go right for you.

False attestations, done by enough people can destroy a subject, now we
wouldn’t want that would we!

Alan


