## ORDER OF IDENTITIES

With the advent of locating the basic building blocks of the spiritual,
mental, physical and metaphysical universes the approximate sequence of
descension and ascendancy can now be plotted.

The ability to be aware and to be at cause over the many levels is
directly proportional to the willingness to be responsible for and the
willingness to take ownership of the various universes and their
component parts.

You are dealing with life and objects with empowered purposes and
operating programs.  It should be noted all life forms are self
empowered.  This takes an enormous ability and level of responsibility
just to be willing to attempt to comprehend, let alone master and
direct.  Worse, during the long, long period that has marked the
beginning and continuation of this vast cycle of life and the physical
universe, nearly all spiritual beings have failed to master enough of
the complexity and craftsmanship that has gone into the making of this
composite known as the physical universe.

By knowing all the series of different universe cycles that have
progressed to this point, it is possible to reverse the downward spiral
and regain the power, love, intelligence, strength and happiness that
are natural to all pure spiritual beings.

The four universes of Spiritual, Mental, Physical, and Metaphysical are
all composites and act or react to solve the problems that are put forth
by the interaction of trillions of independent life forms, each seeking
to survive.  Just like throwing a stone into a pond which causes ripples
and disturbs the status quo of the water, so does each intention-action
create ripples with the four universes.  Some are so slight that it
doesn’t really affect you, and some are so violent that you are never
the same.

It is to handle the problems and chaos created by those ripples and the
game of life that the use of identities became so vital. It should also
be noted that Beingness precedes Doingness and Doingness precedes
Havingness. Action such as writing up harmful acts can cause the
Beingness or Identity to be by-passed.

Due to the effects of the ripples (wavelengths and particles) it was
necessary to create a position (identity) to withstand and handle those
forces and chaos so that the identity could produce and have what the
spiritual being or Super-Being wanted to produce and have.

I have written elsewhere on the subject of identities.  This is scale
of identities.

## SCALE OF IDENTITIES

This scale is graded on amount of responsibility and ownership.  As the
being lessens its responsibility and ownership the size of identity will
diminish.  An identity exists in the metaphysical arena.

To process a being upscale requires a gradient handling of these myriad
levels of identities. How you are progressing in your growth can be
measured by who you are magnetically attracted to. As you make case gain
you find yourself rising to higher more capable identities.

It further should be noted that these identities usually come with an
opposition item, this causes the identity packages to suspend in time.
Or become timeless. Floating forward to be recontacted as you rise up
the scale. It is this floating aspect of identity packages that demands
that once you have started on your road upward, that you process daily
or until you can be so at cause over your case that you can blow the
identity packages as they appear.

## GENERAL IDENTITY GRADIENT

All of the other universes’ identities

All of this galaxy’s identities

Mankind’s identities

Cultural identities

Group identities

Family identities

You (as an identity)

Your own prime identity (created by you)

Master identities

Empowering identities

Competent identities

Effective identities

Powerful identities

Your own sub-prime identities

Your own compromised identities

Your own malicious identities

Your own victimized identities

Your own functional identities

Karmic identities  (Those identities that are set up to be punished
for earlier harmful acts or to be used as justification to commit future
harmful acts.)

Other determinedly caused identities

Culturally determined identities

Enforced identities

Malicious identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW IDENTITIES ARE HUMANOID AND CAREER CREATED IDENTITIES

Politician identities

Business owner identities

Executive identities

Manager identities

Stockbroker identities

Salesman identities

Banker identities

Lawyer identities

Doctor identities

Nurse identities

Teacher identities

Artist identities

Musician identities

Architect identities

Realtor identities

Forester identities

Police identities

Fireman identities

Printer identities

Secretary identities

Truck driver identities

Cowboy identities

Farmer identities

Clerk identities

Beautician identities

Worker identities

Housewife (husband) identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW CAREER CREATED IDENTITIES ARE MIND CREATED IDENTITIES

Intellectual identities

Scholarly identities

Academic identities

Scientist identities

Mathematician identities

Historian identities

Biologist identities

Chemist identities

Librarian identities

Technological identities

Electronics identities

Computer identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW MIND CREATED IDENTITIES ARE BODY CREATED IDENTITIES

Athletic identities

Body builder identities

Model identities

Prostitute identities

Crippled identities

Lamed identities

Maimed identities

Hypochondriac identities

Operated on identities

Diseased identities

Ill identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW BODY CREATED IDENTITIES ARE RESISTED IDENTITIES
(things you would never want to be)

Poverty identities

Bankrupt identities

Destitute identities

Homeless identities

Goalless identities

Soulless identities

Weak identities

Obese identities

Skinny identities

Ugly identities

Repulsive identities

Disgusting identities

Separating identities

Leprous identities

Evil identities

Demonic identities

Insane identities

Raving identities

Out of control identities

Abusive identities

Promiscuous identities

Frigid identities

Perverted identities

Prudish identities

Dependent identities

Shameful identities

Blameful identities

Overwhelmed identities

Delusive identities

Fake identities

Unconscious identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW RESISTED IDENTITIES ARE COPIED FAMOUS IDENTITIES

Lincoln’s identity

Napoleon’s identity

Christ’s identity

Julius Caesar’s identity

Cleopatra’s identity

Hitler’s identity

Attila the Hun’s identity

Alexander the Great’s identity

Czar Nicholas’ identity

King Arthur’s identity

Merlin’s identity
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW COPIED FAMOUS IDENTITIES ARE BITS OF IDENTITIES

Incomplete identities

Partial copies of others’ identities

Assumed to be complete identities

Miseducated identities

Falsely educated identities

Illiterate identities

Status symbol identities

Abused partial copies of identities

Molested partial copies of identities

Dependency identities

Robotized identities

Chaotic identities

Dispersed identities

Oppressed identities

“Look what you’ve done to me” identities

Massed identities

Shattered identities

Shocked identities

Annihilated identities

Overwhelmed identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW BITS OF IDENTITIES ARE CULT CREATED IDENTITIES

Psychological identities

Psychiatric identities

Catholic identities

Mormon identities

Baptist identities

Jewish identities

Protestant identities

Methodist identities

Buddhist identities

Hinduist identities

estie identities

Scientologist identities

Moonie identities

LifeSpringer identities

TMer identities

Vegetarian identities

Amwayer identities

Herbal Lifer identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW CULT CREATED IDENTITIES ARE CHEMICALLY CREATED IDENTITIES

Alcohol identities

Drug identities

Dietary identities (bulimic, anorexic, overweight, underweight, food
addicted and allergic, etc.)

Medicated identities

Anesthetized identities

Barman identities

Alcohol pusher identities

Drug pusher identities
  (And many, many more)

## BELOW CHEMICALLY CREATED IDENTITIES ARE ENTITIES COMPOSED OF DISCONNECTED SPIRIT

Gangs of entities

Massed entities

Destroyed civilization entities

Gangs of enemy entities

“Out to get you” gangs of entities

Disembodied entities

Depressed entities

Oppressed entities

Suppressed entities

Identified entities

Dormant entities

Robotic entities

Chaotic entities

Asleep entities

Unconscious entities

Absent entities

Elsewhere entities

Blackness entities

Invisible entities

Dispersed entities

Destructive entities

Violent entities
  (And many, many more)

It should be noted that mass murderers such as Jeffrey Dahmer, Charles
Manson, Henry Lucas and numerous other violent individuals all tried to
explain their actions as having to do with having heard voices in their
head.  It should also be noted that these people, including others such
as Adolf Hitler, Saddam Hussein, Joseph Stalin, have all come out of
incredibly abusive environments and in their formative years suffered
great ridicule, pain and abandonment, and therefore sit at the bottom of
the scale of identities and entities.  These individuals all had massive
deep seated hatred toward their fellow man.

One could take a visit to any maximum security prison that contains
rapists, murderers and violent criminals, which I have done, and one
will find the common denominator of all these people was an environment
and family that contained unspeakable abuses and pain.  So much so that
they had no attention available to study and therefore, there is a great
deal of illiteracy amongst these people.

There can be no doubt that violent, painful abuse, such as beatings,
whippings, being locked in closets, starvation and sexual molestation
and assaults, when constantly applied to a person at an early age
generates unbelievable rage, hatred and self-hatred.  This stays
contained until the person reaches adulthood, at which time these people
act out this rage.

What has happened is that their basic identities have been shattered,
and even their bits of identities have been shattered.  They perceive
their only hope is to adopt the identity of the abuser, and they take on
the hatred of the abuser which is multiplied with their own hatred.
This is how the very destructive identities are created.

Cults often produce this kind of behavior on their followers, wherein
they begin a cycle of isolationism, abuse, bad food (non-nutritious),
and degradation of the follower’s own goals, own dreams, own visions,
and own identities.

Usually in a cult the only identity that is considered worthwhile is
the cult leader’s and that cult leader’s identity is the only one
allowed.  This, of course, is impossible to attain, thus the follower is
dependent on the cult for his identity, having been abused and made
wrong, and  having had his own identity made worthless by the
considerations of the cult.

That is why when a follower leaves the cult he has such trouble as he
has no personality, beingness or identity of this own, and any past
personality, beingness, or identity that he did have was thoroughly
degraded and made wrong.  This is a thoroughly disempowered state.

Cults do not necessarily have to be large organizations.  Families can
be cults wherein only the father’s identity is OK, or only the mother’s
identity is OK.  Football teams can be cults when only the coach’s
identity is OK.  Even corporations can be cults.  Cultism is a deadly
activity as it drops its followers way down this scale of identities and
entities.

The clients that you are handling are somewhere on this list, the
majority being between your (their) own prime identity and culturally
determined identities.  One must handle correctly the correct level or
you can cause a serious degradation of the case.

We all have billions and billions of identities covering every facet of
existence from deities to the lowest forms of slime.  Some identities
are good, some are bad, some aid survival, some hinder.  What we want is
for the client to have power of choice over the creating and uncreating
of their own prime identities.

This is very specialized processing.  Done right, a 40 minute session
can run out 10,000 lifetimes of bad existences and recover enormous
amounts of spirita.

This is the target of processing and only very superbly trained
processors can run this.  There are vast amounts of case on all beings.
To bring you back to complete wholeness, full operating potential and
blissful happiness could take upwards of several thousand hours.  But it
is very do-able.  It all depends on:  can you walk the road, be honest,
cure your veering disease, push against the forces above your awareness,
make the time and take the actions necessary to unlock and uncreate your
own and other’s creations.

ALAN C. WALTER
18 February 1992
Revised 18 October 1994

Copyright © 1992, 1994
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED



