
ACW wrote:

> Could the tech have been out and that is what put the ethics and
admin. out?
>
> I came to this "crashing reality adjustment" in 1985, when I had 3
> Independent Centers. Omaha, LA and Dallas.
>
> The Tech just was not working. I was forced to realize something was
very
> wrong. I had to re-inspect what I had based my training and experience
on.
> Possibly the hardest thing I have ever had to do.
>
> I could not continue as I was not delivering what I promised.

Would you please elucidate on this in detail.  What failures were
you seeing, and with what processes.

Thanks  Homer

“THE TECH WAS JUST NOT WORKING”

At that time in late 1985, I had approximately 200 to 300 clients on
lines. 90% were ex-Scio.

What was very different was they were not set up by my centers. They
came in from outside at various points on the Grade Chart.

Most came in for their next step. Many were OT III’s and NOT’s cases.
These were usually the worse off cases. There were also many “natural
clears.”

The sessions ‘seemed’ to go fairly well. The wins after session were OK.
But not much changed in their life and livingness and in many cases
things deteriorated.

I came to the conclusion most of these former Scio’s were trained
session “fakers” and PR merchants.

I have observed that success stories are far more revelatory than most
other client information. Partially because you can observe the life
increases or decreases in effectiveness almost immediately after a
session. (Within a day or two.) More things going right. Unhandled long
term problems magically resolving. Increases in responsibility, (job
promotions.) Higher toned, etc. Their immediate prosperity, success and
happiness in life should increase.

Fake success stories immediately let’s you know you are processing a
fake case.

Fake cases are made by fake releases and invalidation of true release
points. Fake attestations and missed actual attestations. Fake F/N’s and
missed actual F/N’s. Fake passes and invalidation of competency. Fake
case handlings and invalidation of actual case handlings. Fake states
attained and true states invalidated.

Fake cases are created because it is unsafe or too dangerous to tell the
truth. If the processing environment is dangerous the client will tend
to PR their way out of trouble.

The client has been or is trapped in a no-win technical, ethical and
administrative situation.

The client wants to get off the charge, wants to become more honest, but
knows if they tell the absolute truth: i.e. “I’m not making any gains
from this processing,” they could end up in ethics, or whatever.  He or
she runs the risk of being labeled a dissenter or worse an enemy of
Scientology.

This unsafe or too dangerous to tell the truth environment or situation
produces a by-passed case phenomena.

You possibly are saying to yourself that’s crazy. How could any self
respecting client do that to themselves?

Simple: THESE PC’s ARE NOT SELF RESPECTING.

As almost any  “old timer” or master of the technology will tell you the
first target of processing the client is to get them back in valence and
at cause over themselves and their immediate life.

This was basically what a “Life Repair” produced. The optimum life
repair put in the basics of life. It helped the client regain the
knowledge and truth about who he really was, what he was doing or not
doing and the actions needed to increase control and cause over their
immediate life and dynamics.

A good “Life Repair” usually takes between 50 to 150 hours. It also
includes doing basic TR’s and Upper Indoc type training.

The long term success of a Mission, Org., or client could be said to
depend totally on the quality of the “Life Repair’s” it delivered.
Because of the increase in the client and students cause and
responsibility over their life would enable them to earn and afford more
money, time and effort to invest in further training and processing.
They could and would respect themselves enough to hold a position of
more truth and make their life obey them.

An effective “Life Repair” would begin to restore the clients self
respect and sovereignty back to them.

What I was observing was: A MASSIVE TACIT SABOTAGE OF THE TECHNOLOGY!

_MORE TO COME._

Alan




