
Of all the words and subjects a Being must master to recover back
their full potential - no word or subject is more important than
PRESENCE.

Everything in your universe, your levels of existences, levels
of truth, levels of love, levels of success, levels of
prosperity, levels of happiness, levels of honesty, levels of
integrity, operation of your Codes, Virtues and Principles - past - present - future - depends for its power on your PRESENCE.

Yet few, if any have truly understood the vast scope and power of
this word and subject.

For the word PRESENCE describes YOU NOW.

The scope of the NOWNESS of a Being can be vast or it can be
insignificant. It can span the spectrum of ALL past - present -
and future, or it can be just a dot in time.

PRESENCE can best be described as how you appear and operate in
the now or present time. Your present time HERENESS.

Dictionaries fail to adequately define fully the scope of
PRESENCE and HERE. But at least give a starting point.

The Mirriam Webster Dictionary gives the following definitions.

Main Entry: PRESENCE

Pronunciation: 'pre-z&n(t)s

Function: noun

1 : the fact or condition of being present

2 a : the part of space within one's immediate vicinity b : the
neighborhood of one of superior especially royal rank

3 archaic : COMPANY 2a

4 : one that is present: as a : the actual person or thing that
is present b : something present of a visible or concrete nature

5 a : the bearing, carriage, or air of a person; especially :
stately or distinguished bearing b : a quality of poise and
effectiveness that enables a performer to achieve a close
relationship with his audience

6 : something (as a spirit) felt or believed to be present

Main Entry: 1 HERE

Pronunciation: 'hir

Function: adverb

1 a : in or at this place

2 : at or in this point, particular, or case

3 : in the present life or state

4 : HITHER

5 — used interjectionally in rebuke or encouragement - here goes
-- used interjectionally to express resolution or resignation
especially at the beginning of a difficult or unpleasant
undertaking - neither here nor there : having no interest or
relevance : of no consequence

## FULL PRESENCE

The state and ability to be at FULL PRESENCE contain many natural
attributes. These attributes are the pure unadulterated native to
the Beings qualities.

A fully present Being:

Naturally emanates LOVE.

Naturally emanates TRUTH.

Naturally emanates WISDOM.

Naturally emanates KNOWINGNESS.

Naturally emanates TRUST.

Naturally emanates INTEGRITY.

Naturally emanates WARMTH.

Naturally emanates HONESTY.

Naturally emanates HONOR.

Naturally emanates A GRANTING OF BEINGNESS TO OTHERS.

Naturally emanates A WILLINGNESS TO BE IN COMMUNICATION.

Naturally emanates POWER.

Naturally emanates HUGE QUANTITIES OF FREE LIFE FORCE PARTICLES.

Naturally emanates RESPONSIBILITY.

Naturally emanates PURITY.

Naturally emanates ADMIRATION.

Naturally emanates RESPECT.

Naturally emanates SOVEREIGNTY.

Naturally emanates A PERMEATION.

Naturally emanates A WILLINGNESS TO SPAN AND PERMEATE FULLY THE SPECTRUMS OF ALL EXISTENCES.

Underneath all of the charge, lies, force, mass, shocks,
confusion, stupidity, unknowns, blackness, chronic mood levels
which causes a Being to not be present, sits a Being of immense
natural qualities.

Each of these attributes are of vast proportions. The purpose of
training and processing is to restore these natural attributes by
gradiently restoring more and more areas of a Beings ability to
operate higher and higher in the Zones of life, until the Being
is more and more fully itself.

This is achieved by removing those unknown charged creations and
counter creations that have distanced the Being from the use,
control or ownership of these natural innate phenomena.

The end product of the training and processing being: A BEING WHO HAS RECOVERED AND CAN OPERATE WITH A FULL PRESENCE.

All drills or exercises must have the PRESENCE definition fully
defined. Making sure ALL words area fully defined.

As with all definitions and knowledge it must be accompanied with
the ability to apply.

For anything less than the full scope of what PRESENCE truly is
will cause a degrade of the technology and yourself.

ALAN C. WALTER
30 March 1997
Copyright © 1997
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

---

From: Eric Wolery 

Subject - Attaining Presence

As part of our daily training the staff here in Dallas have been
practicing presence following Alan's bulletin entitled Presence.
(Posted 3/30/97) The first step was to Clean Slate the Presence
bulletin.

Then, we would not only practice being present but the coaches
would pick up any attitude or identity or beingness the student
was using to "be present with" and get the student to inspect it
and blow it. Then continue with just being present.

The questions/commands used to do this are:

1. Be present. (Let the student do this for a short period of time.)

2. Describe your attitude while doing this.

3. How has this attitude made you right?

4. How has this attitude made others wrong?

5. What problem does this attitude solve?

6. What have been the consequences of that? (Get all the consequences)

7. Be present.

And repeat 2 - 7 to a nice win at being present.

---

There is a lot more on "Presence" in 
the Processes section of our main web page.

http://www.knowledgism.com

---
