Alan Walter (wisdom@cyberstation.net) wrote:

The Games Matrix which includes Goals, Identities, Problems, and Masses

There are certain basics about Games Matrices and Goals, Identities,
Problems, Masses that must be understood and their consequences to and
from the being need to be fully taken responsibility for.

A Games Matrix and Goals, Identities, Problems, and Masses has at the
top a Goal.

The Goal is usually very encompassing. Spanning across the dynamics.

The Goal is what brings about and outlines the Game or Games to be
played.

This in turn brings about the creation and maintenance of playing fields
and the Culture needed to encapsulate the Goal and Games.

There is an overall Games Matrix created that brings about the ability
to have Games within Games.

The Goal and Game brings about the players or roles needed in order to
play the Game.

The players or roles are the identities the Being assumes in order to
play the Game and fulfill or
achieve the Goal.

It appears that the Game sequence includes all levels of Beings, all
aspects of determinism ranging from Omni determinism, Pan Determinism,
Self determinism, Other Determinism, even synthetic composite
identities.

The goals, identities, problems, and masses includes a full envisioning
of the whole Game including all its parts and pieces. This is a three
dimensional holographic imaged platen or schematic of the overall Game
and the myriadï¿½s of possible consequences that can occur in the pursuit
of attaining the Goal.

There appears to be sets of four core items per level of Beingness.
i.e.: 4 items that make up the Omni Determined package, 4 items that
make up the Pan Determined package, etc. Making 16 main core Reliable
Items.

There is possibly a further pair of Reliable Items that are involved in
the cross-over point to the bringing about of a new Games Matrix, goals,
identities, problems, and masses package.

Each level of operation brings about this type of Game playing.

Omni Determined package = Everybody Wins. A win - win for all. No
Opterm, the operation is a work with all form of co-existence.

Pan Determined package = A select amount of players Win. A win - win for
a select amount of
players. The opposition is built from outside groups that do not want to
play that particular Game.

Self Determined package = I win - you lose. The opposition are other
Self Determined identities.

Other Determined package = all lose. The opposition is almost
everything.

Synthetic Beingnesses package which are locks brought about by
collisions with other Reliable
Items. = Only wins if Cult says you are winning. Below opposing.

There are many identities that have also been created by the Goals,
Problems, Masses.

Such as the positive free radical. A dominator.

The negative free radical. An addict to being dominated.

Then there are Implant GPMï¿½s.

Between life Implants, Cults created identities, etc., all getting there
power and creation from the Beings OWN Games Matrices and Goals,
Identities, Problems and Masses. But these are light locks on the main
area that needs to be erased.

There are also Prime Identities that operate outside of the goals,
identities, problems, and masses but are also in alignment with the
Beings OWN Games Matrices and Goals, Identities, Problems and Masses.

Outside of this you also have live Beings or Spiritual Teammates.

The most crucial aspect of the Games Matrices and Goals, Identities,
Problems, Masses are the fact they march forward in an ever diminishing
sequence. As the lies, alterations, charge and mass accumulate the Top
Reliable Items gather so much Mass and Charge they become unoccupiable
and uninhabitable. Which brings about the Being dropping down the Games
Matrix and the goals, identities, problems, and masses package to the
next layer, etc.

The Games Matrix packages descend down from the spiritual Infinity of
spirit to Zero - to - Zero of be - do - have- to Zero of can't be - do -
have to infinity of matter, energy, space and time. Each layer has their
own intentions that get their power from the original Beings OWN Games
Matrices and Goals, Identities, Problems and Masses.

The Zones Tech that I have laid out parallels the sequences of a Games
Matrix - goals, identities, problems, and masses full three dimensional
holographic imaged platen or schematic of the overall patterns of a
Game.

When handling a Games Matrix and goals, identities, problems, and masses
it is vital to be able to spot where you are on the Zones.

A recent discovery indicates the Games Matrix sequence overlays well
into the future and thus has pre-ordained the Beings future direction
and be - do - have.

Having the Zones allows me to pull out of the messes and masses of my
case and observe where I am in relation to the goals, identities,
problems, and masses packages of Reliable Items.

I believe I am very lucky as I am only 400+ years into a new Games
Matrix and therefore my
truncated goals, identities, problems, and masses are very near the top
of the goals, identities, problems, and masses cycle.

Top = Closest to the Goal.

Bottom = Furthermost away from the Goal.

To be able to run and fully erase a games matrix and goals, identities,
problems, and masses or be able to stay at the top of the games matrix
operating from the power Reliable Items requires a Being who is capable
of creating, building, maintaining and running an Empire in the Physical
Universe.

As the Being accumulates mass and charge on the Game, Goal and Reliable
Items the Being is pushed down the Zones or scales and as such has a
lesser sphere of truth, love, knowledge, honesty, integrity, etc. The
charge is not in what is below you or what is wrong with you, it is
above you in what is more right or true.

To make matters worse life is a composite of LIVING GAMES MATRICES and
Goals, Identities, Problems, Masses.

Each Being is living out an item somewhere on their OWN three
dimensional holographic imaged platen or schematic of the overall
patterns of their particular Games Matrix. All the people each Being
knows are items and are part of their OWN Games Matrix three dimensional
holographic image platen or schematic that is being followed assiduously
into the future.

Much of the conflict people have with each other is when the other does
not comply to the Reliable Item they have been assigned to.

I doubt if anyone on planet earth has ever fully run a Games Matrix and
its goals, identities, problems, and masses.

A games matrix and its goals, identities, problems, and masses contains
a vast amount of experience and knowledge spanning from Infinity to Zero
spirit to Zero of spirit to Infinity of material.

These are not words - they are full three dimensional mock-ups which
become objects in the physical universe animated by life forces.

Alan






------------------------------------------------------------------------
Homer Wilson Smith     The paths of lovers    Art Matrix - Lightlink
(607) 277-0959               cross in         Internet Access, Ithaca NY
homer@lightlink.com     the line of duty.     http://www.lightlink.com

