
>Processing should be accessible and not just to the few.  It should cost
>enough to be well thought of.  

Overhead has a lot to do with it.

It takes a lot of guts to open a center. Even a small place will cost
roughly $5,000 a month including utilities, phone and insurance. Then there
are staff salaries.

Staff is very important, to run a successful center requires the staff
co-processing and training at least 3 hours every day. So the staff will
put in at least 55 to 60 hours a week.

My staff salaries run about $15,000 a month. Our rents and utilities run
about $10,000 a month.
>
>Homer has said repeatedly that the way to make money is to sell to the big
>guys.  

Not really, but it is vital to process and train people who have good comm.
lines. Also who can directly benefit from the processing and training,
usually if the tech is good the peoples incomes increase substantially.

My rule of thumb is for every $ invested in processing and training the
client should get a ten times return on their money.

Self employed people, business men, artists, sales people are the best
public as they can increase their production and effectiveness and get an
immediate return on their investment. But to get that type of people takes
good confront and superb people handling skills, and good marketing.

I don't want pc's. If the person won't train and co-process they cannot
make it.

We only sell a minimum of processing. Usually we can fix most cases and get
them flying in under 10 hours. Most of our students learn to co-process on
the courses and can continue to co-process when they go home.

Since Dec. 97 we have made 36 Culture DeOppresion and DeProgramming
processors and approx 145 clean slate processors.

Of the 36 Culture DeOppresion and DeProgramming  processors 35 are in the
process of opening centers. The Culture DeOppresion and DeProgramming
course runs out the boxes that constrain most peoples reach and havingness.
It also runs out the Poverty Cult mentality.

We train very kindly, no abuse, no enforcement, no stat push. It takes a
lot to make and keep a safe environment.

The biggest stop for most processors making a living at processing and
training is the confront it takes to ask for the money and to get the
client to make the time. The other stop is going out and getting clients,
especially those with good comm. lines.

It takes many skills and great discipline to build a viable center. But
more importantly it requires perfect costing and estimating prices.

My suggestion to anyone who wants to open up a practice is to get at cause
over money, marketing, and processing. Keep processing and traing on the
area until you are at cause over the area. Often it takes years.

Alan
