
This is the first of a series of posts handling someone addicted to
"crack." 

Alan

---

Well, I have gotten my feet wet.  I also have audited former drug users
over the years.  Although, never one actually on crack cocaine.  I have
only heard tales about crack, like "once you are on it you never lose the
desire to have it again."  you can never get away from it"  "the only way
you ever get away from it is to die".  "there is never a moment that you
don't think about getting it"  "you will do ANYTHING to get more." etc. 

So, I had been looking at her for the last few weeks with those ideas in
my head. 

When I read Alans Cult materials, I realized that those precepts kept me
from even trying to approach the subject of helping her. 

So, last week, I told her that if she really wanted to get off the stuff,
to give me a call and maybe we could do something.  I told her that what I
learned in Dallas was not necessarily drug rehab material, but spiritual
rehab material. 

I told her that I wanted her to know that I knew she was a spiritual being
and that I love her.  That I would be working with her as a spiritual
being. 

I told her that I was not interested in wasting my time and knowledge on a
lost cause.  If she felt like she really wanted to get cleaned up and grow
as a spiritual being , give me a call. 

Last night she was leaving her mom's house as I had arrived for a visit. 
I already knew she was messed up.  About an hour later, she came back and
said that she really wanted to get straight.  She was coming down, and
having a pretty rough time of it.  Very distraught and emotional, heart
hurting and racing, disoriented, etc. 

Did Hug assists and locationals. 

Touch that tree was the most effective. 

Looking at something was not even possible at that time. 

After some time she calmed down enough to get through the night. 

I told her that if she wanted to find out if we could do something about
this to come to my house at 10:00 am tomorrow (today). 

At ten sharp she arrived, I acknowledged her for being at the right place
at the right time with the right person.  Immediately her indicators came
it. 

Good start!! 

Did some brief orientation as to what processing was about. 

Looked up a few words, and had her to locate where she was on the chart of
ascension, and we were off and running presence. (Presence Paridigm
Technology from the Web page) 

This was a great process to start her off on. ( I had never run this one
before, by the way)  She was quite over accessed by the drug use, and this
process was perfect to begin de-accessing her. 

Went through it numerous times.  She was amazed that she was able to "open
up" to me.  She said she has had lots of "drug counseling" and she had
never before opened up to anyone about herself."  She said this was really
different that what she had done it the past, all they wanted to do was
focus on the drug, all she wanted to do was focus on the problems she had
that made her want to do the drug in the first place. 

Handled some unpleasant sensations and identities also.  It was a grueling
three and a half hours because so much was accessed to begin with.  But,
she hung in there. 

The pain and racing of heart subsided.  The throbbing in her head went
away.  She said at this very minute, she did not have a want for crack.
Did not know what the next minute would be, but was pleased that she did
not want it at this moment.

She had lost the pasty look in her face.  Her eyes showed life.  And she
said she felt much much better than when she came. 

So, we called it a day. 

We will see what tomorrow brings.  10:00 sharp. 

Love, Marlene
