
This is number 2. 

The processes Marlene mentioned can be found on: 

http:/www.knowledgism.com

Alan

---

Yes, the processes ARE working! 

Since I have last written, we have handled some identities, most notable
changes were upon running "crackhead" identity on Presence 4.  Also,
picking up the unpleasant sensations for that. 

Prior to that session, she has originated that she still wants the crack. 

After running that she says she has not wanted it.  She had major release
of force from that one. 

Much relief. 

She has two young children.  Yesterday, she recognized that she was
present with them.  A simple thing made her so happy.  They jumped rope
and played. 

The first time she has been "present" with her children...for a very long
time, if ever.  But, for fifteen minutes, she said, she was really
present. 

Upon going into session yesterday, she was still really winning and
feeling peaceful and good.  So I decided to do something a bit different. 
We ran Restoration of Wants process from the Super Being Power Processing
Course. 

She chose her daughter as the item she was interested in running first. 

This process bit!!  She did holographic permeation like a pro. 

She felt the pain she has caused her daughter. She understood how her
daughter feels.

She came out of that session with renewed love and understanding for her
child. 

She recognized that she had been absent for the first five years of her
daughter's life. 

Spiritually absent. 

During that session she arrived enough to fully duplicate her daughter's
viewpoint, experience the pain and emotions and recognize and accept
responsibility for having caused that pain and those emotions. 

Last night I took my client with me on an overnight stay out of town.  So
we got an evening session in. (the one I just spoke of) 

Today we came home.  When her daughter saw her, there was the most
tremendous welcome from her. (in the past she has withdrawn from her
mommie and clung to her grandmother) 

Her beautiful little daughter looked up at me and said. 

You have brought me a NEW mommie! 

Tonight she is home with her children enjoying them for the first time in
a long time. 

Her mother is with her for good measure.  She is cleaning her house and
putting order in her surroundings. 

Tomorrow we go back into session for more! 

One thing she would like to handle is when she tries to go to sleep at
night, "her mind goes a hundred miles an hour"  (probably freewheeling) 

Any suggested process to help handle that?  Or just keep on unburdening? 

Oh, one thing more.  This afternoon, I pulled up my Greenzone letters and
let her take a look at the encouragement and love she was getting from
people she does not even know. 

She was so touched.  She kept saying, those people do not even know me,
and they are wanting to help and encourage me. 

Thank you all. 

Love,

Marlene
