
_Definition:_

## SERVICE FACSIMILE

A computation generated by the individual to make self right and others
wrong, to dominate or escape domination and to enhance own survival and
injure that of others.

This computation will cause the individual to deliberately hold in
restimulation selected parts of his reactive mind to explain his failures in
life.

For example, a person may keep an old injury in restimulation so that his
family has to look after him." See also facsimile; reactive mind;
restimulation.

---

This is possibly the most neglected or worse completely omitted piece of
powerful tech today.

The reason for this is that service facsimile computations usually hold off
enormous amounts of confusion, stupidity and charge. Auditors often go into
heavy confusion in trying to find serv facs. The more logical or robotic the
auditor is the less chance they have of finding serv facs.

The service facsimile computation acts as a stable datum in a confusion.

There are literally billions if not trillions of service facsimile
computations.

Back in '63 on the SHSBC we ran 1000's of service facsimile computations.

Possibly no piece of tech undoes chronic fixed conditions as fast as serv
fac running.

Almost all beings tend to be compulsively individuated not only from other
beings but places, things, subjects and objects due to not being able to
fully duplicate these.

Thus something is compulsively keeping them apart.

Service facsimile computations block the ability to duplicate exactly what
is there.

There are many different types of service facs. One can go as far as
expanding the Tech to include HOLOGRAPHIC IMAGERY.

A Service Holographic Image is even more powerful as it is capable of
completely taking over and acting as the beings living matrix and creating
fixed patterns of BE - DO - and HAVE for completely subjugated life and
living.

The Cult DeOppression process is very good at unraveling the Service
Holographic Imagery.

But I digress.

The most powerful service facsimile computation is a goal.

Example of goals. To be good. To build an empire. To be a leader. To know.

Almost all goals will run using: How does ......named goal....make self
right and others wrong, to dominate or escape domination and to enhance own
survival and injure that of others.

Precepts are also powerful service facsimile computations.

Example of Precepts:  "I can't do this" "I never wanted to know this anyway"
"I'm too old" "I'm to ugly" "It must be debated before it can be true"

Precepts also will run beautifully on: How does......precept.....make self
right and others wrong, to dominate or escape domination and to enhance own
survival and injure that of others.

Dichotomous Precepts are what are considered fairly standard service
facsimile computations.

Examples of dichotomous precepts. "you have to suffer to understand" "it has
to be difficult to be worthwhile" "the meek shall inherit the earth" "you
got to be bad to be good" "you have to be stupid to be clever" "it is wrong
to be right"

Usually these type of computation make little sense at first as they deny
logic.....yet once they start to run they will often explain huge portions
of a beings life.

Objects can be used as service facsimile computations

Masses, confusions, stupidities, demons, power identities, weak identities,
almost all identities will run in the serv fac processes.

If something is very solid or fixed and you can differentiate it from other
areas....put a name to it.....put it in the serv fac processes and it will
usually run pretty well.

Alan
