## CLEAN SLATE TECHNICAL PHENOMENA

The action of Clean Slating using negative process style handling will
produce enormous case gain and handle huge upsets and problems.

This is the ULTIMATE DE-ACCESS PROCEDURE.  The following phenomena will
be achieved if all steps of Clean Slate are done correctly:

1. Full recovery of appreciation of self and others.

2. Major upgrade on ability to love spiritually.

3. A major release of stress.

4. A complete alignment of time trail.

5. A certainty of future commitments and targets.

6. An enormous release of trapped force particles.

7. Certainty of self.

8. Major increase in worthy actions.

9. Huge life changes.

10. Complete overhaul and realignment of games.

11. Complete overhaul and upgrade of standards of personal

excellence.

12. Recognition of good vs evil.

13. A willingness to play the big game.

14. All major problems are handleable.

15. The beginning of major long term games and relationships
          (possible multi-million year).

16. Regained telepathic abilities.

17. Regained cause.

18. Regained bravery.

19. Regained cause over life.

20. Regained ability to be total effect and still maintain or return

to position.

21. Unlocked perceptions and revitalized intentions and visions of

personal goodness and power.

22. A new awareness of one's responsibilities in causing an optimum 

future for all and what they need to do to bring it into being.

It must be recognized and owned that this procedure is a de-access step
and that any violations of going toward optimums for all or any flinches
from responsibility will cause the Universe to activate and overwhelm
the being into immobility and a major crashed paradigm that may take
thousands of hours to pull apart, or worse, stick the client into
no-case-gain for eternity.

One cannot be privy to this knowledge and not take responsibility.  Once
you are on this path it must be walked all the way or the rest of the
universes and the beings in them will attack you and drive you into
exile.  You may end up lost, stuck in small losing games for eternity.

One path leads to glory and freedom.  The other path leads to mediocrity
and entrapment.

The decision is yours.  The actions are yours.  The responsibility is
yours.  The walk back up the path is yours.  he quality of excellence,
knowledge, love, and team spirit is up to you.  You can contribute to
expanding love, knowledge, truth, and freedom, or you can replicate the
traps and lies of the past.

The totality of fully regained self, or oblivion of self, lies within
you.

It's not just a matter of deciding, it also requires action.

You MUST KEEP TAKING YOUR NEXT STEP, and then YOUR NEXT STEP, and then
YOUR NEXT STEP, until all steps have been mastered.

I apologize if this seems brutal, but the truth is it is a brutal,
unforgiving universe you created.  You do not forgive unless you take
and maintain responsibility for your actions and correct your incorrect
whos, whats, whens, wheres, whys, hows, and lower moods, whether they be
past, present or future.

We live on a planet dominated by people who hate and fear.  Women hate
or fear men. Men hate or fear women.  Kids hate or fear their parents.
Parents hate or fear their kids. Workers hate or fear their bosses.
Bosses hate or fear their workers.  Voters hate or fear their
governments.  Governments hate or fear the voters.  Nations hate or fear
other nations.  Blacks hate or fear whites.  Whites hate or fear blacks.
Weak people hate or fear strong people. Strong people hate or fear weak
people. etc. etc.  The list is endless.

We have trained several thousands of people, the majority of whom used
the technology against those they hated or feared and it kicked back at
them.  They lost.  We lost them.  They couldn't rise above their hatreds
and fears.  Only a handful of people have been strong enough to rise
above their hatreds and fears and been true to themselves.

The problem is the more you love someone or something the bigger the
upset.  The bigger the upset the more you hate.  Nothing is as vicious
as ex-lovers who are at war with each other.

What must be realized is that these hatreds go back in time for millions
and millions of years and they will persist until they have been
inspected, sorted out, and found the real truth. It will always be found
that prior to the huge hatred there was huge love, and the hatred gets
its power from the prior love.  That is why you cannot recover from past
upsets and hatred without processing.

Only processing can focus enough attention and truth to the EXACT CAUSE
of the upset, problem, or hatred.  It is a specific cause, but it is
never what you thought it was.  For if it were you would have correct
who, what, when, where, why, and how and that would put you in a high
mood level and you would have loved more, not hated.  HATE always,
always, always denotes incorrect whos, whats, whens, wheres, whys, hows,
and moods.

When you see someone who's life is not working and they hate, you have
someone who is operating on an incorrect who, what, when, where, why,
how or mood.

A lecture will not fix them.  A pep talk will not fix them.  Nothing
will fix them but to recontact the point life went wrong and find the
real truth and recover full cause indicators. That can only be done in a
proper processing session.

I'm sorry there are no other answers.  You want to be fully yourself,
you have to unlock your past and be responsible for the false and
incorrect answers and actions you've polluted the universe with.

"The truth will set you free" is a perfect statement so long as you go
into session and find the exact who, what, when, where, why, how and
mood that entered the lie in the first place and began the decline.

When you don't process and train, you're stuck with your lies forever.
When you don't get others to process and train, you're stuck with their
lies forever.  Lies are the basis of hatred.  People who do not process
are stuck in their hatreds for eternity.

Failure to process and train your environment dooms you to live in an
environment of hatred and sabotage.  Only you can change that.  Fail to
act and your environment will act against you.  But, it will be much
more painful as you once experienced love, hope and a chance your dreams
would become realities.

A high price to pay indeed.  So act now.

ALAN C. WALTER
2 February 1993
Revised 24 March 1993

Copyright ( 1993
Alan C. Walter
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
____________________________________________________________
Technical Series 28




